* 01/04/2024
** Summary

Woke up at 5:10 but out of bed at 5:40am. Vivid dreams. Went for a run
and saw uprooted tree still on ground so drove back and got it. After
work, I potted it. Moved some soil from the front to the pot and mixed
perlite. Rooting agent brushed onto the base before burying. We'll see.

Got more polish on my side project done before work. Will start
sending friends the idea by EOM.

Design feedback on upload at SC. Drove to TJ at 7pm after picking up
Leche dog food then Mariana Panda Express. ATM and gas on the way
down. In TJ by 10pm (ish). Going to bed now, will read some of the
communication book. Running in the morning.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/03/2024
** Summary
Good day. Rained hard last night so no early morning run. Did a short
one (0.6mi) with Leche around the block.

Attention divided after work but good energy today. Walked 3mi.

Found solution to the 404 problem.

Side project looks good. Will run tests the morning.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/02/2024
** Summary
Woke up at 5:50am and went for a 1.5mi run. Felt great. Deployed side
project before SC work at 8am. Booked half marathon for April 6th in LA.

Looking into options for total solar eclipse. Mazatlan direct is super
expensive but the benefit is we have a place to stay...might balance
out. Costs $4k if direct. Unless we leave on Sunday night and return
on Monday night (only $500)

SC work was focused.

One of my biggest goals this year has to be around my attention. If I
don't have something to do, I tend to get sucked into mindless
wandering or scrolling. It might serve an unconsciously healthy
purpose but it gets to the point of habit and it bothers me.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/01/2024
** Summary
New Years party at Setareh and Mehdi's house. Stayed until 1am or so,
back by 1:45am. Woke up around 9:30/10am. Vivid dreams but my
recording of them has fallen off. Pen next to bed

Lots of small chores today. Ran 1.5 loops around the block with
Leche. Skimmed mold off saurkraut, finance review for December and all
of 2024. Topped off oil. Made split pea soup and bagguettes. Short
workout after the run with Leche. Laundry.

Some side project planning but it feels fake/forced. Maybe it's just a
weak muscle. Short plan, execute. Short plan, execute. 6 weeks? 2 weeks?

While throwing the ball with Leche today, she picked up some smell of
a bite to eat under Travis and Jessica's car. She ate it before I
could see what it was. Stuck my hand in her mouth to fish it out but
wasn't there. Gave her a tablespoon of hydrogen peroxide and 8oz of
water to flush it out. Had to force her to drink it which is no fun
but was for her own good. She threw up a bit at first then throw up
food about 5min later. Poor Leche. All the paranoia because a dog
(Cash) in our neighborhood died because he ate some rate poison he
found on the street. Terrible. Better safe than sorry.

We watched The Truman Show after dinner because Mariana hadn't seen
it. Discovered this while playing the board game "Dixit" at Setareh
and Mehdi's house last night. Solid movie, still fun to rewatch.

Bed time. Going to meditate before sleep.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
