* 02/19/2023
** Summary
Long but great day. Woke up at 6am. Hot cacao. SL at 7am. Big squat,
failed deadlift.

Took Leche for a walk and played with her in the drive way a few
times. Chatted with neighbors for a bit. Less next time. Had a fruit
smoothy for lunch and drank it in the sun before big palm tree blocked
the light.

Laid on the grass for a bit. Leche at my feet.

Backups, indexes and spritesheet preparation for widget. That will be
focus soon...but seeding content is more important.

First random free user today! No marketing either. Just an organic
hit. Still need to figure out why custom GA events aren't
tracking. Intermittent CORS errors from CF worker host which is
bizarre. The OPTIONS request comes through fine but the PUT
fails. They both use the same middleware. It looks like the worker
never gets it all and its a CDN issue with CF workers. Nothing in
logs. Attached to a domain name in hopes of it going away. Will try to
trap it in the morning.

Tomorrow will be fun music seeding and content creation planning.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/18/2023
** Summary
Great day. Woke up at 5am and fixed the analytics reporting issue (csp
nonce). Solid focus on 24HHP, backups, seed content (not full
strategy), google vision. More tomorrow.

<<PRIVATE
f48c1704406ec90faDR2ptmwSLkV7C0IFrxRwOSWkW+nl2FNVpXWtdaKQtMXBNvW4T1jja/IaG2PQo8p4958ZFUDg+zLcPVn+rzS0LZqCSWQzbEk6ualIluJPCRNplXwU/6zwEvZ1KHpUOHg6Tj5rjj9lntiDiVs7i1ZwSBbtWdVH/mVVkppST7A7hcL9omkU9hl6WUYDijUsU+Ewq1xAAW2TLYifvva0fO/25YL6QhlH/JMHwfhOJ1xOk09qLMkHCGNFruSzItqzGfTIRzu8489RlM0EztTiUyfFgnfvJVcxgfnM9bpvldfRQF6E9jR3ihl3bRQNgitdkJ68HI8q+YZRrIaVk4pYPvxRD4DAFd1bU0CjSQSmBJt/wG7CfGJvzotN1kYsQJJCP/ewPglXTivONTKapBFDw4jg+L/K/5Xo+LW+8n25wFOURrKBd/z54alnq6uOh4yYYbVFYGqZG5jdOPbEWSgsWP2wyyYcCy9xEdcF1ACDMsMPdsg/Pn2N263/m8sw/4TrY7/RZoCeKsAudlPu4J+TDGOuEpLBJl5s+LUnmgmfvJs5JG8GTEu9bRy2sEEyrofjfy6QG03Z0JHdUcj36+0redonie+Jre2l6bJM+5TI3wGCWxve5RDKOKSTHHtKEH518yQHy/vAF94BXhvcTgruGhfEe7ZXwX4yFUcnIjXFL9jcJY6lBHUNYkr+JcGKriJ0sAvklO14aueXF/Ve86aZcU3Fo6aL2lBgi9cJabThUo+jLjpL6yLkxZWMMAdbfTwM7WCGArYVTDiL9OAsZL6vgF4IV0O6sqOacsUyrGtZ3qqy/j8foGmEC/8rYjnfq11UQdPUM2gU+JLQlqgwaITUgNGpTtcLyb9x+1WsQt3/2rDWNr5auHEBbwzUrOVPd7UVZrNKBgOLw4vBvD7eT/p+P1O64oqwHFl/czCr/UdSGpRfl/9hYcWLenRChls0oM2xxBWvQdt2Sc5VpjDItX2j6aFqIV7A79xnI1JH8N0bVPXMUfJcYaJe/zDIEB+7RcoFK7VZnpYcY5jKTZ3niM1ZfrDQMcf+2ChzJjavolck+uEGLAjf/JoPgL35rANe8ELWO/3cjbkFKmNB8s9pToqtMHdD3k4SbKN/fujDcpUF0Y6/o6UmltSJBHFBkRPKOPeoB9mjblY/zikoli0fZ6Mw26hzckSe4JkDNHCUytJFEj8z8dvk2zLtbzG9lXdeD77bG+VwK/TehSvMjUPQMuQxtq0JlQ76Gumeq1wt7OBr/E61oaFEd08jVhYv1nl2Akd3mVcqn1KttE/RUyXKolV5PDvwRrjqUcWVq+ANW7mz/rNgzci1g9Zknyy2rBTw4n7gzsluVDnvKW6xqySjkIJHcBES9jpFnlgs6n0u1R5yVdlVCXwL4PqrWqsWTJFDCklcRibXjH4JSxZqeU/IeQAIUEDioEztD9281C5dVyzWJ38OR/WDTgNC0IQKRBb25ngXgEQY0MwjSdfBFxpA6rllQSmbRjsENCRgTqFxM4Y0r22FYvfawN7c3nNFjsdRLxhYDHv6KmndgMcwCK6jMF3cjLBo12iIqQ5TWjBOw5fPXq+x2OW9/Kpo9dHHfvrkbTz5rWgOjT7euaqYphnt/J2R25fO3qlhK78pkuSLb6Qo0EMXGCSgsUfYwQ8XhqDueVvFwJw+DXa3A29DImo85YY8vHcGu4Gfmq64OCdU7HUOmFeNC3yS+tiFvHla0840MIo3wp/Zu1BXUnxs1TMQYcQjQBwhrDxw+f7i8hU98g6zWYasMnnsmyTaJm+Alypv2Moj6/0MQNT6HdfxSA9PetP3Z9+wScgrsO/lX3OlKxKCqYLkOwZPL75dHMHZOt2at5vAR7K9OuWog8IBk4UaIPf13gpXmUK0gy4L0VXyPRVT7xAoltcwoH1Z4Lthew3mzKJuEc/6HRpSawXSNgNePRMpaeb1Dj0IzppGx6/n0MJTuL0LeNKhrgwxcl68tGjOSx2Q40kNVDY7DIy/udYeXRHgnt+Npnbz29VCCZaRuK/e8sqSbXiXaSnfCwZEINLoKnrd+KaDfCXXAHS7HC8At38cxqf/2QMy+ylcHqtriR0DyYRG5efGWDKdQGK0e8yhr/1ZcA/oe7VFhwndqIXSc13OHjEzjIh63Ye7k1l60P9GHOCrwuSa+xsB/iO5dcnOEHDvHI2A3w7oJvoXrtW2VSUe96W1FAZTryfTqcak0kl64I3DwamqROaDvzt5DuG+KymlPexxkecR1N1HtJwWcB+i0Vd6zTQb0NpQ9jeub67SKDzZr6vLhgAmNN7NFqhAlnydzb8dkkrO7xMxWSc3a5/hyd5RzPlq3df/c2fxXrH2BARTJr1+KICqYj2akYD2gxfmh4/gRD44QFIVIY5zqN6eLtH2je4KugHqG8CYDpldo2q13r2pyEgLPf6E36mvh4V6kSAsG3W+AxrJH0E2R0UamV4tzK4SZvfQ/elmXlEHMQ52Tmpq15BOcUZtRpU5gkdQbLTsX5263a0KQQjC0bipqbt+evDEkzx4awfxGCKQ7M4QK1/1riIVhM7TRlw1BWQajt4mIQHSq6mF78hMhJhPi+CiK+etaP+IZ2XpZrbe8YnnJCXm1D6EK4n+twqAdxf0TofczNslHNKFWYLhI7jHA/8ClcHdIKTFFAPLPkkLrjp8OJuVO+GiR2yJWv28DjAt32ZT+ecUBkxHRaQLhz0hfKJv2V6RAiH+zksXIKFRpkXqzz2rD26oDcE5PK9yNMwek8822B/PrZa8qCohie2QjNiE8UzdD8MwWf8SUfCevSdD5PR4VOY5iOBk58ddahpQntwWD1in4fc6VB/n3KJW7sEfGDzLYbX85hNy8PwkLgobnSGFb0I6p82DZB6cKz6Yyh/5zD9WIOWi3mJSyHPa6TWNvjPt2b9kYQ8ybKgFVbE1Wp0mT7ImBtGK9LClbyiTurRmt7s5bxd6XiLq0DGxs1rUpP/H4rt2P6ySJhAcl+XnvFbwSK6N0hfg5XEtl5e9vkkp8SD9DoiwzzHT+tVio4lJZRI9Fz7H7ciOr7WVL4t+zH46w+w7k1mQeDFVhZ0jMlp4NJBjAq6KoAYeIq6NHNEiBVg6a9OMi1f2uwcqbkqR5vZA8RLbFBk1JgzCIlclrOgCuQCCger/r7OG9stEB6kb7poGD/DWLLTBUXCcItQZjIWeCyiN8A22GUmguW41iQyegqnabq0EsguXpKWr6PORs9UbhMIGo60JZ/pNsFc3Ou3WkkG01FF7f6ApQ0Hc3POMWXFolP9xJpKq692+k1sS/RbeIbRkhi+K0E0SdsTWCffLLofp9qS+heHAJ/AxJcB6wAOfAL33AfX4fXYndNaYdM1kL3d00Nkb6W0Ef7SavCT/1yGB0W+IGZqNkV8yoyBsk3LW+UxufKU8JxbCeEEVo1tN3AMUj/HQ2UkBsI2BzrLOXZVEQ9f0IRmPkXjHX8ozNknqEI6LE5KfJMl/z0SqxIpN90Uw2pe0bno6zsTIenVNz+TaZvGNYU1HhOUZjOzhAffOpy8xAsSQwf+qo/0+UW9520YlQCdFvphGgOQr6WM0PtRINo6PMzWHfOsBfaQfAKans2uJhMRZedJVdQ28I5ip9KeC/O3d4gmiV5a2ZSHsA1RqrHcDsvlS1pejfkbSqjLByOn9M4sofCYiotWvcy7AZJeuYRjkbsm/hN0hBqYPqrkQlViiKW0i8xyRH//N+bcE0fOXlT/CdqO3ec3T4DkjfTzr2uCYqpD2FBj+rzmfxY8elX2sXw/XjAMJFSy+7d7aKHOmadyhUZ8+IH2X7ku8wL68UUh9i3sYs+aRMHJSydVVHRqij05yn3F9A0noMs70eyYA9AeW6csyX8gqs3BCjUSvXayxmJ0wOAnATmIr6UgJ3FJaUc/XOrjcz19HSLTb+ajd/AZVVjfLVEVHl6dE7PO9FPuiL7Cj/JNz4u1kRCi28C5g0GeuKPCXCyaS4quWe7xElhHRuRTvBACNK73BAZKXza3f2CeIoSesbruUveX5zliwB53fJkL73X5775TFW+MiKU86I+V6vq/RQUtLBMFo3Da/ayKCGP329vPEITL2ZKqTnriC3gNLoOznxRQlSrugIcegGI5MbZqmte+mB6fF8TxL/RLM14V7388qdZ1T7FkuiU5UCBBpLgKgKZtLTx1iYELz9L9skTaYHa1O5kM0WVx/eX8GiKjBeeeUb8c71Ncm9PP0/FIGpjbKKhf9ULY34+kbHUadW4mUU8oSBE9M3N0gV1Ud8Bi8JKye7Qbkm6SQ7rG48AzGZofJGKmRsuJB9WKE1Cn6N6Q4piy/v1iz5Sd1zPCsfj/tTodyE1PXEtFCuwI6BQ9Ef99bYQ+APtmzzqXDNBEdjTWIzrNFxWLJTnFWez0352nT67CjbPhK2bC7zyVzlJ7df/nO4Fx2VFEbmtL/WSPBPF26ZMS+1IivBof+2gyZ8fOiHmdSrXZfV2c25befWh2urTnZr1rsbzI3mP1w/rN74SaJFHc7FgigDsjEMfwqDqNoZUzk/0q2xeblA3KnMfq3n8lVpTFo8reGlGuEP5gGsIIpnvk6eZV2IIh/fXrxCRUf6feVmIUemdl5oo0KJoCgpEmEfoAcZah5FeuFeyJ4qSW5TzHY20QxiShfZ7Ag8ZiD3tPCfbzYP7EZ79WH2Q1Fp7PLuKuQufotgm9W1B4YxdOuKSks53VmVSjeu6leI3Qd0nBV9y6VBeAY7NNXW/tdtoxN6DxOfXN8nIJa7eWTa4CYIHYQMTJUGRSw/bkiPhd9N0aZb9hcF2shEtWe9SVJu/EbVSP70UXCxMXp9M0cJ+80SBDmu7y44sPrE9ETBYSc/bq2di0KpCYjE0eQYhxvEr+SnzfFBWmwRej/z/CXmkyk3saVHLU+1VirWabkYUP88lswTGXlGHflNIXG+5P3bqFlWclIK2kDHJxuRSlKZZk47o1VF+f/ETfqbCYeG3UjUib1D457k9bArAJFmkcD7Qk/E4q3JVI0PFB8KL5yoLhj4PUekvzuPquQvaP0gn6w9mnhwJ21B9B0/gb/mbFUG8D1E1mltihALupofbSm5rmElwVRTm9E9J1j/HY0KY1+AYlcvnmCtJkbcJe0l3z/bzCsQZivjsEWIfpTeMdXwxXbgpB6FP/BxRDN/KMBX3T9rNWR+fqcrZt7gTaEq+VrdPCPGK8W3qC9EnfU9WKX8GtZ8DBAg2rrBAwF8P+hLoo0Zk2BzWulgwcUjdMVFDN+20Of/bsYfJGkXZFX/V19lkHo/cOYiySGICZ9qUel6gvp+DqP1IprHRNPVUSMq3DiHnEiiO+e4jvVg4J6GaQVxKTbolsF6Uihz8kDw+JQmH+gNrw0aL494hGwVGRIYYazELrbQjnVN474tAEe94ee9KkpFsIv0pMLm/sT4/B8tO+lu10ujydo6DViKAumlxwMObF4or64baFrsnoNhulmsVwsWGkoM6I6mlKMJSmsNqDX1lyzx+afdrQVG6b+W4Y4vSqTG0Bpp5gCi0G8SuZURb9bUYtsm3936BWKnw2H4mow3qCNTQY8oc5a0/QMFLRmGNrIGEeMtTXH2jlBANMStdBjuOKof3kkC5PEzPjoueMzF5Xzt9vGQ9KffgTX0FUPa4g4gDrgYlhdVteJMpiwJT6PUjtwFUkpj2/OC18m3Z3lqggwg5Va1xhL/ty9ACkstNnsksO91v29C3IVSO9NNeCQ7P6koZiPOLg9GSAF2D/k12xT5HdicX9x15+EREEM/lcMBRSeYZajQH7OgXue/PFHLb6jZHk5/tFnysjI2PYIaYZIko7hMjFlbz5CqNbEchkrRpapUZeMZX74SSk6eD0fY14fChFemZLFFK9lgcIR3CCnMi6Gg08nGfituD78ET0zJ07dxprTw7QAtX562umoqInqnJFhzZ8/fa/l4qM2x6GnL8XE7NGFq5Vkc6C83jziigUGFhneDhsGebAGFBVGUPt3WzBKYCUiKvgHdzcKelxBKQSUpoSKzna6kK4XaRZM3jLyFw4NmEivy0LVGK/LaX+4SsmpLtA45dD/z6kWZeizxZj0Iev0F/w2LRwtwSfTbzzhAixjAW0zBSQzuUQYuqH5pZwTT3kA1WJLszlygChf7b7mERngeJFXe/ultpeAHPwlXeJ4pCr9yjHj5n17lDG9mLSE/HpDHgucfWn3qyNQfsEfmq2pmkTaNdu8zfiiWww78oFIA0rP2+YxsT8F3sQCW2+xCzNlj539VXPJuE8GbJf2OPdvv6WepirUgcm8TxldEGIoo5dTNNT6Qsxe/Q5wn7D47YxL+A0JuPXe8JpVNTtxFNUV5RhGR9Zg6PR1TnB/h3C+uFCuYPEN3Ww1EdOl7LVy2B2LyPCiiXEdpwy1unu/LoUcB6vVpBYtvjXVhUzL+VBO+HGxyd4W20kNY0BFlwleaVxE6M8+bjSHK9cz2bkBdh6rMhg+8peEkdalGX1/hqcSr3Aea324FAZ6JF7yXWMWdVC65Anx7Kvx5yzITn6EUrJ2hfWzw+CxCyt/TMfiWOlWK6tD1iup9XuUO+3ZsYj+iTWRuK2aB3fpUJfyL+qsCtUfO9Ciiz9DGmCklQ7gOncwGbwN3p8OSxrYQKymwlORnzkRVmRhT49+i/6cb5pi+fKp0YEnK7Wd1Gmvq2sduqxlS/muCfKu+qOWFWYJvnaf2IOl4IWqs+YRhyiHBtk8YEeRLGIEiOKBhNiRZPb7zdt002Bo3seEDuOHWSr3LcNxgPOn+PruMdHHQbHemf9JFGDaHqy7yHlvV1PCKcEaAnwgbWC6GDwk7lCvlfHNoCO+rCh/o8yP7JVeXvPKrt/v3OwALeoW3kQTNH6M6Ak6hD0U+D5K9km2007TRsMozxdZDLmdP02okK2X4Nr262aJU2l3/Z95XzlkqA1yk3on/j34s7qO0LV24mepPllkG9+XMgNMRdoXQlbapPbRERIu6z1WDJeveHfIC3x+Xhn42HcUUqpVvml/FxApI5C+jwIfWVNoI9kzBXpTi4Ico2sqMjak/vGmVnUhrNeh6oQjEe4MqyVSbTYpnksqfJx/y6+Qavz9//LmtmUXk6Fhd+qjb6GZf92F/av2OtYe/I8E52DWS4wx813BEQyJujKFiM+LeCxTqRWrrJAwHvzMd0yak2xUGAIyqg0dm8dNtYfCEOPpniQwxygj7t91zGT1/T4CypkAwV+tZlE/M8Q3AnpRLcSRHzcGeOTiKADLwi+kUq0UCzi7nlTe0GqowMt486X4NLqWOHVdX3FnBUuHmBrlN6vcYdaNbsisGRl7nPpwO+AfS1e1mCGhTB5jN5E8sSVjo6vnEO4NRkxHOSvXUTwxg2tzPSA9lM6YLFtPXtvm4R7bxcL2N6FVR07wRnQsKwGtNgCSKey/jAqmYhDMxQ0hq+EudU9LfaN1vu6tFgTbfNoM+9HnUEQOTaeny+gz59HsrUd2zm3JHmVnyciVjntSE/NOmnMHrMmFupPhZBSSCG3zm90Qnu6IbbUmDh533TQkxGzkAYobyEoBKDWNf2fawJznYhBV8Kbv6CoK646ztZGeq5jjBpSGnjE7c1oHVSX+9j35JDROj2BdQKlhNLFQkDqWUjwEq4fIsDj38evnoKVHtWY3avhDvGk68Z4d2UIjVkfA2I058kYs9rX0QwMnYJMhYg6dMAutnJ0wgEJg8NFUt5xQuDVCdj/RLGR31ZNqbcw9Xp9WVzp8v4awYXsSGwzmPj7WxWbI5zZ4asQJ2bD7HfOOEsLISfHjJVPesPBW7BmUOXj5ngxtNASqMu1Y1EWfWfI19T5Mm+FurSRwryhbNV9IptLMRUEmtSG5hqy1FQeiKbeprDXiKm51befatt9MW8F0xgis3ceqqcnYgOhsZIoAwY0VxGBUVWrTAHJxOnxnN5yBy9NzOggsSnwRqRYfbNRVPKOiis2zNJR9YtdoKGMN8GRbeexw7Eo/5LYrQg9D/3nY7mVoqGcTfqYv4at5orc5l/f9J9zZohYV6PLNWtOQkjNDRuJmr/d9IBkmy+DcUV6/0mjiyuMR/JORRmS4YgK+04P+soPvVdA8XZNkNAYPOmwTvnbQEkf7Ue0ulkmi6s2OswYXAPfVpBgmhyIG/s5EHd9HtLjSg4Pi4jp8yDseVJJzbK7FXhzDg/taPwhrUag7NoRWJIODDuWIFujzbLbRa/REw3kosPA2XBXAsn/px+dAbZz6E5gPWu3b4ulwzdBIdiM+TkRWyBQggbia8QdIv2mNGz2HqR4TLInymYNCRV9qnh96QPEsJBY8zDFqXGZaUW/AHavHCk2Dxej5DacHhYR+9njRn+3GteZoI/JuJ/7ubpufn6egJnUz5U8NbBwX3dbSJIrDzVIzkFasLNfFhxE5ZR+h6LUOwe4fa2Cm3cNvKvke5CImGA8e2MLjctkHsjq0rXKEr5MlWReDp79Z+T8zUqa0h0kieL+gTzbBRV0R9wQNZIQAGVf6PUXvrstmBLUp/Ro44F+6kgfBnZzyMHZ/Y3cGhCwDUI2bT0IMNeEgNVyHrx0gbCuLwrk78TwfJNMGHDUMZvY1Ta3mQhrR4BpVDlhOhqGDXxrGRdRxgu0avmc31p1ZZUcBCiju8ajCDxUDH+/ByEmF53fZcz93nPz12bPXP48+rViFhEujiPOQbIlodwnYn5llBWt7EScfVShB0DbRQ68b5TKR4KQGY1Dc3FuDst+KmlM7L/4Upl4ehpXHSVIJEn+c6Gw0q9q+KHydKN3fDR7rXHijZ7zK0jeV5RVUxp7HSiZihuiP71CvbYoeLlcgpANM1GK6p6wb+0UwNwy0Ref+SV4CkfklM1UZtAMHfUYxgZ4xywMs58dblSoXigg6VxzKUUue4hFJBFLeHZ8aKMi/ofmn0tdfXKlnGV3HDwnb9XimeOqYKJ1ZNhD4G7TnwJfhFfeLh24L0M6OCl7rbb5wrTyXJ2jBRIpFh7xSrM/0bC5J61puEQ1tNt3vuG3P6ntjBQUooHw4sKnsM/PhjseSNZqstCDystShzLBZpyIm4BKmJSLUvE/5JcEnbjQLTJQ1pFbwIOjTGlRxAmKtPKuGaGz7uxdS1d3XBP0Em5hnd0pl6KzOS0wO4jFRcpNyyacL+6+JiBJmIIV9Nl2CHc5//PcHqJziYJa2hfYweYC1MxoRCSDiRUpT6zasoHj85bG9FDjLukr7K22eH8+nn5UDYgipGyW5cLo/209gNTrZCwDSc5yasMTq1olnhRJkH7hAyaF8W8gmE1fMk64dJvDeFgbY2+ZdIQN4cCErtMqC1+JOVz7kyJmAc+dR5PvJeeakV+MSjWFWdQi+gqQFz/7W30ezxx3wUSvRYubqI39U2WFCptvDXfZ5nmvUKKcN+nEiz8zyabKMdbvCvSR262NzWY1LeLCDWl8x6EasPM89uCThI5ldvjNC3REyItMxo0WTW838tYKtQ6kmdiqi438LgX9WWU5UZQIfsbPo1rxZunVJxUgP3xB8x0U2UUwiKJwOtKxdOc2gddEjqlJSXNGOSxQBQ957F4bGVKIPTkrTWYnHBL3tILdZbEzgeen39BVxm0uHQB+jNp5f5aamxF/fGg5btmQOteRGCw2RdgUvLQBM1ywOa2wgqAIf14uDYligr6IOWowVV4m9psyb9boCQjZBPCyIO8gsE7+64tind7fqz/ybRdgHojOSt9NgMBjO19HdLS3n3Qj/l/hGA0OteyWapC96mQ36wMGMoxNX/iXK1XBAR3jWhOcXcOiH2nAdpKDVq8msWbJI1oRNwkBJ/Pf+Oeramu7scKE8OMAD8exo81A5R/E6gxao00dr8CPCnahEkrl0Sy/TooIQW32EWTXBX7FDjb18ktuNw7bHhzYP9Twlmizum3NujlJLty6v5PGCnEjYjhIQAwr8TYrYdrAHiWQNWTRM9trXw21/pdDYGzS0wdnNIW+9UQH3kc80iCDTS7TzZNT1xvnfUjjnhsNcaUW8kMqzBIJrs5whd7k4MpjLd9ymaBWXtwC4YVs+J3Dc1RpuENnSW/TtsBfG7szImbKduBz+K8KJIRRBXBAIrU710ggcswD0HQB4TV/aVw6dtUqa5x6Eb/fHprgCi+iQtlEXgEmviZxsfL0N8hjHuiw0DOduyr81+bZYRwT+OD9zeWN/QQM3Q1K1PAA6jHHEphvdvuQbu3hTV3gYFjY8ISbHuK6A3i1IDcIf1YzSse1S5KHx7IYFQGvHSzu9ce38qTC09IQ3zXwQhmMq/+AdXyCxVKinwqkwuP46BQ0HzsCb8OM/QP8V161pYy8MQC+O5gPwxJVBV9CVBvm90rLyovONaHBib3QAqFwI1MftXHsnvWfGNp/GMOSBjyTy8/C98wo5hwtl0cdwmVn0XOa7yhwd8D7cN5PDPNrqitMQ+KsYvpJjfsKEXXFXdBF32FHd+MF6G1tqnqdnCH4HgwsxJg6X0I/XjQYtzYKIcsOt6ubRKUuDKVbtob/HiGV1a3bMjNGWqcf7+T0xK1F9vKEOCC+BNBuXNK7AAhdua4VYWpJdoXEn1Cih2qkSuXVLIlutTCLkYWm2VPO7HLh1eOaq3CZ7t7ott9yhz4LhcTptsW08J+/gITdGeZCFKmA+IV8XKbHay0Ia6jy5VE5LQTMtnnvftig+v5+kV9D3E1j+y1vTdEKk/oMHUqMZu8U1vbgjKnP+5T9+xxP6SrEaHDMYaiT5j4A+N35BCB3M9hgD/Vwkd+jFaa5UKzNtKrGZzsONU2uJYQOW4gfhHmEA7mlrFeZeoqWN6c/lbZ7LCos6Dr2AmriyIitpgtIp+1qdf9Ww3QpstY4Y6AL4Vp5p+ugHAHJsKAedhTNpaQ3Y++nKvdYgJyAfKFCXnH4mlVYIOGglAqPqJEJYknqK6ZwxyriQFOm5bFTo+s692nXJUFdGQlrJxOXnhtHOZF3SLn00UvTApT22SsJZ6NRIw+/rUiL9ofAK8yLyHpIMNHEJ+PPTg9X9kQxXco2SEAMnohlDnXbW+QRL65T1Oj8a8M47rkUt/gztWcsNQObyVOMeE8nHvKMGn8f52gprksT+fUyv6MQeTFpbJmDcFmHpzYn5eh1HG4pBaLmjT/KlM0EICHojhGrjuEJfYH4DB0jFqALDy2aOCmuA/l7oXXo0xxfFy0+hH76Kz12AV4qmq+9n+F/XK65VWhO8Ds0xfxg38MRvS5AzWimphQKZ4s/xQb4Yne3FMoELtc9q83ds7RsvH1w/AdaN9UfAxrYamIIH3wGYInjAwmxvaslbyUec97gHtS4zcV3LhCCatLjey+WDW0t7QO9wfeNOHkCDvX5dFZ4LC+4cQFc73tHT1SicV5BG2lL+HwaE77YRzt+LGDThz7+BqvQd0TssAYEiEL9J8j50aHxYX+XhRl+VbqcTn+LeDzRDPRMFAbTOSigm8uP+5+9C+TbbJgt2gfuFBuEBrnlZFV6M5yGled7MA9T3DQbdhHlYs/wXF2I9IUoEDCQBmkT+1iPIyUzW6CxQJSA+2kCdgDv3zvEEyFe9NSwtnp4d/vddxvROAswb0nh/7N4IfvMAKzuPBzbrNdZUdKRqG8wQIHEkhoab7Z4fGzoDJxuSkThOUkOoyCWmVgeEptD4mpuXV+1574Fn9p0xEFv1ouKq86elGxNcL/y2CjbepwNquQpP+aFsqWMT7pNCeRPsWbHxhPbf5lvmrYmIyeHoSH2qvPTl43V0aKqA4k99WhgDar/RD/lZuYFWAk7nKv5yLxEvPxOLM+a+wircBNKbpajt8jcx8rOiW2RISGBds2kUbWoANsJXIwUIoNquhQYIQIgDEo3eHUpSHhc55+1mBy5umd/pA/8jQyYQTEzp8DFPsTFLkhuZnLYnY9zh+P1a79lBWHKeuzfkg4H57AGuUg9y9vXQeJGNx9B+BE10bZR7BN//UOKmmyCCffMWuxlfl+dWM2xIu2rRF3boQsTID4T0c7ceflyXx74mGWvjTWmls0nWBNf9q1axUy1A604ehe0v+qS/FMWSYVDAicDuJ+97AeGZ0zQ5uDg7CDSEGWLXPiVbfJRuFeYPuTga8/FlSFAcc4OMiimspGqyqRV3YY1ME1xvHhtGTIiauoHwqkwDTU2H3dxCX79HSmTizUS6DRqIZs9GbW+qr2CYm65KVxzmfYejvytP1yUQNEP3pI1KsArrSUTjNRjdQjTSyO+WN6JMgMVdom+RzxcIAih92GkjGEp+QHXADcGbSlehD/DuwdOuyFmhiu3TY+1t9EB3ccysIeRSZxyJdDv4OVhEmqF99a7OH+wwtg7giw4Uw4AiBUH1ZcsWOc1vUFuuMYpIQJQLrExHLH1fOcVsGNA/DFacXQvvAn7U/DA5wOu3rQkZUF7ZsNN8RICh20gmGEPLRkQrE3ioFgd5dfktCtruUPauaoDDeBFPewRSO5JOUPEOdjuLbGwp7EE0nnn+c/orHudbpJabDmcOrf6W4CwcXhxNX9bLlaFgiDGuRdZIY2lfk0IAF0gjrCPqk3+HJI9Tj76K+9wYgvm6AHAueJ4lTQCWe3pqQiY8F4PQxFxgJUiALx0H+I/deLg8xtsaErVspuZbSkV6N2R21r7s9QoGbzsWaS/I/1d16/s4PIQYk5bhe2td2TTxVX20VIvozrLzUXAfBlnlz58UaElm4ZFLUz66a1F58JJNUCUaSIYnMVQr6i9SDjUs9cuioUnnG5JVfZlPOSM5pWBZ4DvEWzq30qMK5mYBmtLwdYPRdSyAIdMQ+f8bArR/jwMc/cvWmwqmHeGlRny/r/mTSJUVsZW0rxbH4RJil2VpNHGgulcMIURuVHT7KJXiTQ15XG2p9uVYGKHdpQHtDwFNf4IrHrDBsCE01noZ4DcPJq5wYZpC7nOX2ZEUWD3eAsiRdA6s0Le31J25I7PGlAobcP8oolcCWnVLqRhpOlDVZdrbvnd4Som9CoA0xI/6prf01z8cZsHeAsKvtWiV/W1NukOhIrk4nYvX7A9cGiJjlt51XUHlh4db1SMyjdAyFCaPVVppzyKH51tc2DOXnqTzoatcWdG0KuVJfUpxfl00a6ekh8a/9tydMbC3DyzmwQjL21iE4V2w7qTry3sZcxvCo4e1hUKe0YIILhYCnQjIOwd2p1lgPG4kNb5kdsPpXhlrCyAITSvq8Fsp7iDR5WLgRRy+9RO1MbXCJcQ3VjFdOgVOFGPrvzwM0qQ6FX3kAANwMa4unVpKIadaEzFrfZ+3we9aIHGiEyIHT3QzFklLskqFrj0aaApJx1fEwTT5wmvIB3hr7bGJQtMCibp+xf3J0y2qJhoH0VR3UDuewwBHFi3j3mpWKXoohH6UDvooJ35XCfR4vDXFhIhzlLk1Nk0iCcUfZ81xpTVGNFic69jyewpEsDkG0v4Um8F70bGmXZ2qkaDfB7Fq/VbSPrJiIgRRLMKi29ptF1+Fv1z1CIdt8I0jAC5W/VuJI2JUgpCIESXVkgG365NYaxOwMt3SdUMI5b4ye8S+FXb0gAifV8yZZC6KQPFsqOc26nQ7N8f2QywOi3gamYR1sQZxlsa2fLOgs8/z4vNUVVMe79Z/iAT5AeJ92v2EIKqEnTy8AIuuQkAEw2pV2AHtl36prE3Bj050Qfx/mh/aCaIwXqSC6wrPoCs7MR56wHJtpm21uGhi1zOr697pUtYvQkSlj1s7Oc7XxJbRFATcMiAni8wnSDxAkLQNeyO6El/2NPoPhWgvAykMIxVm43oQ1IN09Xq+r5DbQXixr74AE0rcNchHege0CaGffyoOcbGEfzIZVs7JuiUM7paVUmNk+Y8s6tiistO31RmB7w9fwPHVs8W38WKwvRcWA3zaC4jIRF8BTmoSt/BK6has6TyFbcsve3g91iZEtHQpHRNtZBZ9H/bNORqIywBEe+NGY3zGUhi62KFnnvem+tMshTxqQ7RsTWNvRNC/Vgeftb2xrrZBJrUwgq+H8WHfrz2fX3gVZO5GB1xMChiRZR8ddw2pGIdnahPQEtyLiCDB48Sdmt82ZySo7Rxcj02U/NDQnNA537mIK5rS+e6Lz9C2L+jTHgzBiOCBTrSwtFK9/6KK1KLhWJPVd5Wg7KAkFBlpYeyvSL5xBS8DB6ATCk5fWlnGJhV9rx7HFXRSNeIrCiwzrJ6GmgoMrrmA1UPhxe6+iAD9n2CoNkvvfE6vRKjPFT+94ZaZjaUbhhdxQiexWpyqKRzfSJhan0/7qg0GRdi4GLC3W8lx8zNLrXpNmJiXlJQ9vGnMxM/V3g93zJw1F84h8T4R7Wqfpzzc5esRK7iXekJuEx1Kq6ArgTMlhdpOQ9hJDPXSNaTy103YKuGPlAASvLtm/mra+IBQDZ5Dbueo/yVyJgol5LhGx0EQw21mxhk1r1qwHUrNe3lg02H0JA1BFrPjUWu1geCnGuWQVZSlwDWemnedZNHhpBEtvCDxfc0S8gQQTj8O2r0DSYOLkP8fXc7AHc00ozB4hZpddIZvlCEqySrX8AFfHxDCnfWT18nM6BPTys2imggzpMTQ1HxpCGOzDOYA9BTbjKYWwZtKA5s1smZ37prmX2CuG+MrlAo1npWkpWD9s5NSRIMMOawEHRDjSeDwE+gZwfPWmZrMzA0jplOR79kDhc+Qa0WXxfsELCD1DxjjmZZMnRtOhxWjxlYZD4+ZSPDMesA/ZczqPCRc1qKezmGTLZva8VD6lviZi9DyZXdpLUcMCYqUFnN8Mw/V66qWZqVDbtIOqEMIdhDfwnBS2bJlVYwt6mE6Ja2m5kycp2F+3S2suC2SM1DhrYXAO5mDt1PvW3HZmJo0lx0FHWAYdA9bhWb6Uj55cFXmuiQGfMC7hSQyzPJsDT3hbYAov+opTgU33qCKFYaNhb5nMayslA3kxajdnA/WnglWBWeQoXwk0DuCnVH6os+pxT3jBQuz03HqdljoaG2EasnFAk3WoVfFfetrfawQEltjZ4D7P8Sn4iDyz+X/+pA3xLw2v3w9HmCm8hEHDCDNsUxQgya6LajztNqIsZnSpqOH801j/3nC02xSwg1A50Jw4uA0lh1wc/UKFSLhoR8GhOPOo13T0IULtEG5ZfA3MpBQYhS3i3nRFmIusYccXEj4Ai0cVG02IgqoodgEjPdvppPjnoHp3je+qpBNpMi28GVpe0vljn5SsF8NbEvbpXyCmk7S4YOm/BG/BqfSCWBsmySLN6uq82zSfOG7X67HajTAgrdOs/cvWoGnr7VehYJeYC5p9VQjY9YbqabUjbX0kELpeeq6K5dYIS2h+5GiA16rFoyOFNrQ9Fj0jtUoQHkmZPlDTJkn6OD0pNP8RCWMoOFxnwFItVBhRg5wRQ/Jh1G5yTzGfRo4d3+2NB+v6fp0FuzsxiG+DFoSHzwQ9Nd3bkzFBfkMXPpsIF2Zd/KkIUGY6gzY1zyzXjM5GB3+cKa4uZqMGmiGKUjYuxrx0L5YlXXzsjZC3N28Yyi+Xae/jomCN2xfshAnkOBsoWr1DaZtVcaYqOib8LVnbPBG21k9gIU5rWZVpvm5VvUrKxdBnBcivu5xfO/T6VxIf64aAu9r8+MLMi8xsaBWR0qrKEbMQ/E4XrsAjPYLrNtEiH+sGPx8yTQeEJPLUm3Y+F9ghKzFYamYlcy6YAl77lvEeUzmmr2fMpO6v1WXOPWfoZZJJYgn5ncVwG+0K6+2bO8BB7p624m1cNpxw4KuL41WRgA/HGGXAmV1Kty2HC6/cSHKTgOdPkJfDi8f+PjSNe68B6VkLIO9Fvw0rLJ51gLRfcP0ofd1xHXRKJlVepY6se3pdSsv2Wt7vpU41DMpl4AeSHc7z8H7lpKoD3jRvE/JUa9k1eynPLYobsP0T3YWI2sPc2Qe1N9k5Bfs/w8vO6pho950wQDdVpnizdBhNdEbuzG+7TZ788X+Bb82r6viYaYm/U/AuGzUOXA3zpK16KxCm59bwcEh7CiU7CHB7gqbcL3axWgILLplbbGUOj/UNtzMuZ/sDbmpQRypA8Valxpvcd0iYFgY4N8dN4XAXOhtlR4nngLHHadK0JX8LzLZH2tOnd4Y1skM/JBnWRdPJ0//LA1L/XoUhsFvoK8o63Q1IGEoz6fnICauPV9O/HRhGruM7/PsS9TsH+8lT3nCrWg+tVVqxA3dPnobpkoteYnjK6T2QXcnHFWDV0BX5KFvopl4tzwKh3VpwJGkQ/cStV28H7fjADnCSkvDa6kXks06b61yUjD88eRLz1ZHLWxMxFdi3Vcp3GjFAMWAPH63yV3izR7Hx7EqtCJquvjGXUoryeGo4yt3fpTgfeG8ymwIJpkySOvDh83iqwznP46zicAKLVSkp7NCaAkTnS2l5FBhtqFs1kmbUkrzpOhm8dTkW1T4045i7Zfz7GxaKkrtabfE/n5dKZp+fDTsAd4+xufkdbm2cQCa/wDnu9QGN3CCoyUa0zkD+jeYK2GGOxNWWAWU145jxsH4OFHiBloYPIgbI2JZwuY6fKzpXc5WhC7JPldqL3+Mx4QOLmLZge90W8e/RbxXUTZWH47ZzTfrk0+ByfqLhUa0j5i7wO78d/LlRAk7KEeZ/yv3FAsA/cJkc9EpMPXZ3te1ssbS3Qe3EPWvMC4BJ0tbMtijX55MvU7Kl/IDKaxAztqRuk/Wn/ey8KRtMGeTGU7DL6Ybw+xPAds5sJJTaoTC34lrT4qSZdYvI+TkbAL2yRJvIx9qvB42gRwXyNNSy8kx19ryF6iDHAo5on/pDrrxRwm8GCiQod4Ds/g+Ab24ZM0y87qhhO1OFDJPrqhbVIJ3Tnwnqpk8PUAkcdVLMIBQTW/UON9Mr6F5az+HEamEhEybbdcp2h+oFNXt1/byfUmutMCWWppdJfGu4tf60x8S2Oae8GzYD/I2kNta0S1Yk70S6pTh6nvRvrey/zu5CYOqRqMO1MIW2qPtlQjnjbiq9ix+9LDZuwgYkCIPoS5+vPR2K7jiVs19L/a2tuUE5HBxpo8bpeXfXv4aQcjbEaW42x7KT0McXlvpy3Ej1+Mb7iEg1F/k8qh/GmhPdRGZl0uPjYjvnu7a2FG5t5LwHmfbECjGBB7jS2LKaVEC5CSOznO0g1dBghxXv2Fz0AQ4l5G7ksdOEWueUoiY1XGTkep7uaH/5daYbyYn6GsUAPoQlfOgEq3OJk6ht7ZEgCFNewBkjyQl/Mqm29fQzbebl6EJcpYX9Vh+A2WTSKxh+YUYoWH/WO5afPjlGEzjta/Ivkq323D16iMqV+Lh56AAPjVvbFgy+3anYeh7Xv5a/MM0ycAKb29yE3GHN9rS2HypJ8bshLg6w5WIBXxp2QTjmjnwagjLD6qo6eOw0KZQ/Y0scxucA08+riJ8niJhcPw/Pz6T/RQrryyEYKdKFo2rXF4MD6m+KPSss0r7fWCzSiqTlFMCy86eM5xgqM49pMOTH8KrreEXFY1sNFBquaOEKL3A3Yli5SNSy6H7XnOelALMsXuHayY4M/ShgLk3GW/wJLJViITCnlQr9fpWZjy66QFAmHisN3GtPAqd4atUvyElu17nLVogNcsexd2HOQtFvbuB4FYCkNrwLIUwyXlt0xS0NkDDJIeJhzJ7xSg20FJsj8qO+Z0YbiMjE6DuHiYPw143bxcOCWjYI/SD8sHy1hhozpb/sdo/J0RINGQAWWOEis2bUuiKLoB1XFyPuyLsqy2gDq6wHb9qAnP21TApXSiaiTHokd/arXLPuZ2i9gTWAIuE85BKFENizb/aQOpCMsFKhWsMHfJrY6dpkSL+3WeocXdGhdyocCouvnPWrUqRvrxQTsgP1DTF8zwynd968fVR208laIOjU/17jhtcof3Iz61tffePTkViDaLFhshyWZSiLKp9o2q+URTlkx9CoqT3CKhibdnkHkZ7srSar6vQUqVyCg/SgkxqPGIBhrgSOu5eM7MerjtE7c/hKQvtCJvwOhG34RO2WWOUA+YX/urtA6oUfvulQSlcgYR0BHosezaEuvQYpnIehtNJF9zkd6+4QV5UtNakkoiyTbwFMX5sPflyHBho/24d/ME/cFMDaYPtvH6vZ5HhTtZt/E4HmKF7ysTSQ5RgLHMRoawzPte3xMOjtFcxRDEKsq9KtZPU30Oov1NtevXPHsGyCwv2ccuhIi/onCKQzI5SWettZ6hlvI6gybIaxuQuHHrn5rWHHQnel1Lp7TGfmBF37LGA5ozDiteKB9TL1o7ZaWCcMRj16PoR8BYKlnJKLcVOB1lZR08l8LqfPjIAsoOUQ+uXMUXq7uLfdF29kyZnZ+33izsrICh/QAv3FT3UTvqfcW1Jb+zViymqIFqYyYqzeDxsvsi15vrYFddT2OQG5O+jT7dD+m59NHdwPuuIUsWvL+mmA8/5qTlJYsIC/KOAKEa5PcchGsnJGKZ9ZoIyTnupQr3Mnhx5KW+Pvf/Re0W1+loATTDT4P4yK8oMmlqOmRcGAI+JAkPaZ1syBH0LFbQEl/qHcAZM+AiZyzpg/V6wiQRGXs60K9xa+dIXlz0mgsER1BDzpnt4aFXH27NArMUCH5y7DPnaAo2FWh2CgiQhP2RCtz+/Aid0V8WNbBXxhf5el15U4z4+GKONurWVhvKAZ+PSdGw6a5+0nN3bcjq7ZmabvY/0wPmE7Iou3RpsgLgrAJCmWonM+H94ey1VfE14+PsEmXinGRVOmYipL4JqK6KXr0/R0KIaMgAzYHpBCCiET98Fwmi92YY2FuQp3gPT5bmhVAyR4Q4X+iYGt3x8V8MdDa5uZ8P8PfiGO+WK0/D+e5WYFF1a3DpFsYn3NZgCrvxMGM8o+rWXmdQ5FbkOEns467dwQYoujWlFCDoLRjb/Ju9yEnU0tyLYDx3s3Wlg9057YX0VYnt7oEKmbN8N84m9fYZJzpLb0bixgOQ+gAIdrk7bQWwaMHTD9xpF8n+O8GXq6PtoqU2NXTNqDp1J0dG8CPHr1P3GtfnFns9VXOBzUASmWwMUeo82hVXhtcQEhAY8lFHSIDoE/f/htbiAhl8JgBo7b2cIBixT61RTdl1rdWMHbpM7dEoCB13YF28cas/DSB6w1AOpYdGl6NWkm6rdeps3Ne1NoOsTq09cw6sq+zS+aaDUb47VoCzKkUKfTrNxBehe+N4BRIz4uMPKKU5yHKqb6m1vvbtyThk/SbDlGG6/QXmlXd4kXx8e5u9RzRq7hWs1cx8RiPi0b6i1oCUZ3nvD3/Zyo9/7nOWzy9CnecJTpYWNq0OnaLbQb9LUWjqBO/6vmWnpQP+PC2/gr4VKMGpws4b+0yStOcEvJPFo9uNDMVFa+pUUDPDGtNGXyF6O+o0X7ttPs0b4i5G8fbnfpAhNjd1a9cPaL0R3VGoOweov2Caj/LM1RSE4O3c7eylX6pV++F6hC1pWod04wULcb6P5c6h0jitFluEcH3uOQvZMAguPhW7qs0DBQNTKaVITdevUsCG9nSwYMgLWyk6xVukjsCzZWemP5uvWak8tjMKHO12jJcp8Am/NNtRIRIk4Wza4lUzxPtmUZ0x1PTBBxxHhtP+DThWYE2QG4F8kJGM9ZH2/fyYlSyPqzKzSbuj6kt/2fSzMT+Gf40BWVFPXbWUuQ9C/KenESkJkubuG2wVkz4mhf27yed5aRN+tvGr5Amn4JskQC3IIqG+I3AqsV020vI7aUKZuCtozAEKv52BPctQ/SMNVlbjxjXLwsf298Ic9RKr+gElPjKUY6zpBohmZs2jIhw7csX257TTSTvQYxoJpnuG+723CS+hA0/4lTb0EFYrwFluW68GVnvLKEHdyiFLkZd1qv20C17/VA0t5GNWsh+fBhDj3dm/RwQiNKoVnHlCDF7q0NWEZ807HQv7qBPiRzpzn3VwVXkHTwcVfCsSe/uQ9YDKv4Ny1x07uDZyX+eOIdL38A743bJoeA5q2AKKA//lNP72tVsxW5uxaMIBWkXX2llv0FqR9zh5pM4wVR8vXZOszO/bPjaaHnBVMa7COggav+teK/Y+C1cWsWr6qb9kgRJHtq6jx9c253mNaLayOUU/SV05H9g8NSMzYVXiXBpaVNQICpGtTDepKp9srPRyr5L5zAVhP8C3V4iyQYjJYfy2e7ww+3zhv5gY+SrZjiScrmce3JGsUfTBAnRWEqOwau2mm2d7QF/TFa1UFW2/+wumUeIa3W5fqXbiHZkmy+EGz+LXddq6WDy1fGTUnSDStsxiFUgIM1jwFquJNbVm5LPmD/WNEf6fox7T0pcFU/5cjnsi9ehzmVuUkYay1+JwTUU1peywQZA0fIWc5X+t+YYDp2JtdX1WvA49JOWQeG6tPiN3Owf+58Sg6i1cUIuUDXZh6h1GHr54v2czKCDRTym8PmztlbpAfrvZL4Kz1NBb2LhBQJmxWTDVIGwZad0DBYlRs/mcyDIvhaz3vdCxQuSgJpU93W3GfftPNQYt6JdLPaxDmLxTLgyOitqGvZAJj0ZcK1ThIYoQP1zuwkolOpEmeuaxEM9xCQFaG+t0MpkZXOAaLiAkYKaw2KL3/PQU0a1mIoYA1FgEguUxPJSGJF6DvWWP0CgoBLvVczYilJk4TxiGOXH8gDcSxdON+SKNTJkXpNk+1XRGEQHuG0lVd+oMw8cSU7PT8cho/cZW4DY3c0pr+MfS77EgO+gQ2E9DNJYnlHaO+DLnmbJultbgCZW/d+WCwy4MS2loZrwrmjSGukAtgKYaJnDCkXS5AwvpHjgHzCd+5PTpWzyaHBIt08EOsjTB3SyyyNvbbm1QyPC93u0nDEeEAXurWLws60u0jzVI9t998m01rdgbsNRvoV9lhHRcRYGIlAmB0ltg8qdynXLtRy5nBKlP+AAVRnqCHgByJe9G54zsXba8FZgG94Mc+4aA00gvL+KnGonluNDOSLrjRKw6eH1z36S892eQ1o6IL6925bp8UI6oLnIqGz9JV1wj3TZ5h0LLXqnk847jPeyMf1f6LT8k8HxGZdqXzJroOo9VmNtaW8pGmI8+Hi7QH6Em76MwCgvOgxLuEnjB7Is4w1t2mvpG+Oxicv8zhv3GcxRG81ZUWcqMDSiGWIYwEuGqYrqfVzjqBZ8K5xSkT9GsJ1tF6o7UJxJCNir48w2ME5mpfEtDV/gdqSEga668olzE/xorDVFWPaV5fc/oY9iNQkd4UaL1OdaN+bOd2aP4O0ieat+whofk0kfkBYktcc7OT2AZlfXTXsPjYar9aedT9NnUQKAGzqQ8Srha81zal3lhcSTWZpMMvI+EqcFXtGGqZK8SKQ9O+G7c7CHLqBI0MDoVEV4+97Kk/pv0QnyRFi+tQgJszGiZLSyr0clxuOS87117jGdm5AsDrDlAOboK8t3GIR6U86yGnV3DDnAAmPK9zWWg2/WgI1dL7i/cX4EcBon661iiHowa1UJG2KrKga6VArZ2K3ZoZ0sTFlSD/bKK/2KdL9PgEQTApOKEUgFX75En5Y2DvXOCbKJWIPd2u85ls0+W/IhLLiHei+AmBQMJe45gsRNmsq/btTayE+q5fi5QobGu+QfUnLiSxJEgyNtprnSSYD2nnkQmWrmWNpS2f4YMZWqYCd5TnEC6RkE6sIp59QXuj4N5bH9GYWgzlnXmt8IlcDLOUDTz8W7lubOL4FOebU2ypspx0W8dVJDtZocTFKkkJg7vv47qX22yFKzXoa9msiobTQpRnP/7Wzv+O24IyvB6T8/jB2u4Ps7tfwoUlEitOb5pF+JF2e9ShQogZuZZlshtXUJl1x8NOBe/nSonF4KEKEjLBbkeXk8cu1dSOjavKc/x8zaScYCgaItNnqfx9nRJb7/rOz5Ue0xfjj4qSOgERWAH1A6G2ElvNXfltML2BeN7MFPvGvxqR4HF2PrYI/ZdL66v+NDzOthXF1cUW36iTYIzGm6ShOo5tPBJP6CuKahLY0N1pb5F8w1JnQY7nkoVhySixOg+DFniqOBA+7x3SRJew7gDbTf8M1X6L1w/yyw2VnipwtrnPr+HCY3DTeD0+KJ+0AYAySJab5t4WyzySWiapHAqcuz4+x3v1gHEuUTkl3c6Yz1UwVQ6r5fTfh976qW5Xg6o1oUdUrkj7L9241yCCfkc9cxEOSPsOOHJEFclwUdaON6dK9afLQYN7nb4fHr2uqphoFzXBbsPjsyQgonNzZxbS6QSTBgugXdak84dYray4ulcS0BNhMJ5B8eW2lC5kItxxAuRlodtaqYCkOXT786Qu31NsBqJenm/yVsDbpu5lpOqrIT/AgyGOTjkh2s4xqZDTaCSE0W7wzc5sGutnLu9xSZAiIny41B433aXIlpQ6QSMVRrc3hJlwZ2gzdvxOOg8TSwYqJRRnOQdkP0IqSvcodm+cRTVj1ns1l2e9iLrHqIAOc+nJBnBNBX1EYYxxCSFtDmoTjgJuSpuCst46JeLKtFkZoBmZ1ZEvoaRPpqK1IlqgI/gxrK9uwm1AkwcKY1VShVjpCJQ/nr73q77Io2cvAlQHUdrQMb8JhmcjJlB275yZ0beNwsjWuIK8aAH8+GMu3dh+XXhHBWyzpyqiujKSnIO+vyEg+Bu3B9z9DvnTrngVDyeuC8fiSYwBxZpOLGASs33+Q/o/Wbrz/arxlEM0Gm25vV1Jn5CZ5QTJCCOBWJ3zlI2NZpq78RBXMJXDd5r5iIeZr5tf5LEqAeYMf4F8NjfxIRJ4Ba8R5+K3UM6S1YhKUOyukFP4XrA9j4q/Nu3NTbaQbz+IQDD+fw4YnQi/KAR2YpQrejcI2VeFtjGxO5Cek1iWYR9fi4hInhQBLjqGuTkRTdGY4vM191hmmI+kdNNHKCIA6laUs8dCI8magABhLAUat7iSJKmdpW6/35OZgb9OIgrBwQXp5fYdbx4VNQ/h521VtJT180ksyIeUrr7hwgo7oI1um6hIVwmc1fr4AwbiIrlakjbZxC5pAn2+BdZLWxMRbNttTfzyUn5BO28QC7qabO267e0NeeuPRZOV+Aof+Tz40K28SX0UskVQBQHityymZkbRI2AriI7S0pHB8dNO+9JUmSFIEfGWV9zbA6hCWsBaZcTKXNu5j2GGpPj0kCaOVfsElk8dD7xOKgtj3zCbcUuqniwlEqeO/ytHHPJaQd0unneGiUJ/mX1XmIAQino1qMfg4tgltuGbo6/EFFNxxQ0CeY0Vb5WnrMiWZSrmuX/Efp5n2fpcz0E42X2S5u1UfNk2bj8Nhu2WIwY7/Z0rOI9sUgDO1+98Y1FlmOpRlubu58IZ0hVt6YAG2pYq8v41IPrjXw4
PRIVATE
* 02/17/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am and was working by 5:15am. Went until 7am. Firefox
extension approved. Form validation is a little better, not perfect
but solid.

Strong lift 5x5 by 7am. Felt super good all day because of it. Deep
squat.

TT work: got the heartbeat system setup. Still needs some glue on
Tuesday then I'll help the team integrate in the clients. Tight
deadline.

Left over burrito for lunch with chips and bean salad I made the other
day. Two cold mint matte tea drinks in the day. Vibe was great for a
while. Got really tired around 8pm when Mariana started her
workout. Ordered Cava for dinner as a treat for her. Walked Leche in
the evening and ran into Elle and Ziggy. We ran into Zucchini and her
owner Hallie too. Ziggy gave his usual staredown even though Zucchini
was being really sweet.

Some construction going on across the street. Looks like they are
fixing or installing a new pipe into a the building. A crew of a dozen
or so people for most of the day.

Wiped. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
a9185d436b921d5d1UYapHV31F3tK9T/82euIpm+IOl3QpQ0fBHPiQ9dm6xhvUSNZrcPrlB0f0uhqDRXNO9PgsZIejAOMjN56pdIWWQJXVAaoYlKxZn/kSJA0OGMvBKECmskS6sjsz3WMcNNnzl/YinHhErywdLSmsfUA6Fege0XFjJQfUDrWnilnbViFnMsDH4Tf81JL5veY5lRtXJSEp9HhXNj0VQbSFKG9HFknsQq9fNg4xJf+Q2A4hga+nIjyPMTOuF4Ht0/73QamPEnE5TE/k+DkSvtaeZDvrK69WqjDTRfiPM+sPtMvh835Fwe2hy9damvFMho7pYX8sGvrZjaGwkOKIpJuE61xS4jnCubMWjUT4jj+z33rYNU2P7KluuiRmTAkfmRF1BCNQPY3Fei2ZGkO2szp7XDdXu7hW4or5cgkei0a7Fbv9u7IkrROtHZbnNccOXuRs3bY10mnq6QCW0G5UA9FwgNN19bun+iaLa4PCVKOUUTAhoiHSieZslocURZx+Km20F+8O7o+1ZnRA3Uxag7imAzfbT3nU8kiUMfIPOS84VCrNpBb7mZAkmv2pymuQ8RmUfOSZwXERn45vSjHGbqrNWVesSZvi/fmDjZMj1zdup87s8hQx2FgM0VWuoXg5jR6/zr5SWLsihnmKsAHcXWK2Pj3yh3+c/poE+tl05MdByjSJps9ql1uMJqE1jgGbT6XDToz+yr4FEmSNtn7QU8Fs1RTPKc/uJH95eSlVomB/Xj/bj+hyMZpUIYDFbvb/y+qjQCsgMU/FF0qU4UGcJnH+NNkDVh6Jp5LlAK8JHmKl+sUmFZibISSW1e7+mfohgGTlQf+r01NZDWJQN1zC8Py28A6OkUG/jUOw7P0QkzFuIzn8gkbhW2sTSoSWDHnmKrmpv3uTd7bSfZ06neSm9iIDLWqrM0jl1+ps+HTqwcoALnnuxQ64cQwQR+trHd/cIYoq7Akzkilp8/RRANm88uUUyUna+xrpY5sBKIw6rOwy38IDrynD6j9RJfLSagEeNS1zUWQsmYQscIFMM7mtTAbpVLu5STnpP370dAzHTfmVSJyjmge3N+ocw6UVxK4IagmCbvDYG6hJqvff3K6l60giHQMA2OKC17QVz1YWDFokbXNKFqXd4EZYpfkxQ76CZrJje3K2S0e8hIe6Q9mekjYAXTGbW25ysraBvB1BM63KyvaUfl9ZRt1uQc+MU3Lp0ryCenlD0PGhE1kAjZAJRjeUVpvMj/KlRhrEtPBQYpNEZ+kmqN4UMk+oh6R+4SgV2Mn4oLDUdA1E34eDT9LHWiQvAidDn+C0kOCKjNduf8Cm4rc6tPd0L4TKqvIzVEH1kF6edDYBMY8ckD13lGSEEJAFwmqZqI6oJxvCuboXlTfKzooYNcmupQ1Pg4w6ecdPx5Bd1A/pCKQJ9sxa2j88oRXajlgtl6poRpCKNNgFJz9vDDcS3hmvscjj7i7cHUbhfLGHlXtA0ywN0zny8eTJilfKDM09XubvumbPlRMijCgz+G+rF2Wa9TCebo2a4Qf4f76/jk/tUEjlswbFMmCiAgHMp1IRJjdFRq2KfKPkBUSTORsaC1Io1Bcybt/HlhyR+gyytf7u7iALxzgbmeAMHGI6NouwnM7gvz1TPOVS3Y/ZaXKgf2K3ggxeLRmgF1s9snkLC8dP5EFKPpjBhGN2o6+LuLJUembvj1e2GPYePaprEyQbqvhpcQ+EeZnQJa8INkH/A9Qd3bCXzqr6/eTJ4KZGUlZW+U0cOFzgZRHViQWe31weCKEmAa+zcibQdk6yeXri3CpdqSYGWxZ7a0qP4YkzX0zEG9/0F6zrP2/aO1Knuq4g/8MoLidP0/KSwuUf+Gbd4spsM+Fx69GINcdygfTeDP+bWWtd2wsG9/SnFXKjOo9091UIcOzSRguZAcAIg7SJqzg2ADM1nTX0xJ7AsB+gtdIGOzeSMVUY8gzzbxhbvulhnaVqoHPrKDgsqK6kU5qZWc8GZK37MY49wmCXqI70IseNvIxOSQSjX3hHoQpb6Q1pZQwj+nJqSPZBN9VgBgEHJt8Gz2IJXhSCHrNRLripwcwMGnJFglVh53OZr4ymtC20UqueWOSq6VqOgq7rwYwNRySnETJfwgmGCtrLrYTOPtofnwccFwIojBeWYTx0hHZ2k5mAF1sYaqeDKwP0Ac944apR+zvx/XPSZea4t0zM+dPmO0MKBnlTspqR7igVryi7JW9smgWeF7MZxx19TZ2uxaYwOLbjUHdfNXOYLgWbAEBgxlN6YzG3JBj6JERv6s6oZcJ7WaCh5hNRF+WGhtNwG3KrOsDYMfo3vCJmJd1t2Hw9PZrFA2wX7UYSuLcRCGU3mZg6Wr8ePQrnyBSu+KnH2qrGRXq3T69ucMHoy3BFzpej2iw5Fr/rVWQ+ktmD5rh3CP3SWNL3k0wCGJSAEnAI6AtEkn0QyVA/BvRO0BNyRrW4JSAT3dGytAj9dgqngzXJk0Ed6NEOXf9xElqZTewaKUX/KvKtvRXuq8UJ67TmmePIjCCeqRHo0SipPTk9r42kPDGeLlIxJ2+dP4VmwcOjrnAcjNHbNHQJA3DFl7dj8q3kKEzjwqKzTxNE7vUJS6DM3UcPV+Mrsj1d2JKtvRxqkU466OIC5tHKQECYK3a3eKmwbd63B8CMsFK5y1C6iS7SE3bopFHghG6wNY8V2wdS+jqZmuhUssR+w6quyUbkay44pKvJT+ImGOdVPo80MYb8lzTSw4BtoL89VvNpuFqktVij9Fs4MYuDnXqO8z6fg67tcBQ8nl7DKHZJy10C9MeKtXc8kP0Aqt3xkMkWPiA/qdL8G89XodAD6e/N2R3OHw8AmM5WbyUd89FRcNcm0H/n4bZLoMldGZX9ElLZnzYkd4+DTxfc83HW7zPMdN/nM7C5uzsn2AhkjqPmWgU2P8vbDlOvP49S2mZP6nW00bvVF/B/8M/OH8Sa6JOr8L3IKeivPZLqGyPyEYgud8VLxhSXYpIPenfYCUzKFee25mhsq0Bixcmi6svt25N3mENAs6eYk3iwnvNx6cqRmrm/8vRLz9M0CF3f1pqKzQhgz/pt0IpHl8vag+4QyP4EgN5R7qzm/j1+a8CFCzzTqxR0o/zyx5KPSDf9GA4NGAPH9KBVDs24k2+QzSbttL0lNT9i+srpHof9zihpc2PwWrulD2GauWdYeYqzIVihHe91L3a916VZ4ALH2k3GQo8dZsfF7UW6tcx65BF5jqtX9KOdTBEo5xDcgomQKTP588fH/F+2+04wfbk3F+CWnlUDpaa7f2/EBBD+lpAYkBQlmmVlzLai0C0YMEQYlsFmGqK+ge0wGfTBcs4Low8pAzAu8NPn9zXTi303qkZfXSBl6HEYHiiA4T8a1MN4iobzy8NUVtC7bnHbnXjU+mLz4/rt1AXqksGA5Qco4BBvlUMZ/iOPqMZoaLol3wOZMEOAlQNfhStvUtwUONn/7rQnN+HVM0znKnutG6k31A1wJAue2/nDRVpAEmnBhFSJLQ17or5n1XDpJyd8pIyJ9fBDwjdkmTyOM3qaoV8xo32l5Rys5INua6eGjIjwDzC9enY5b46umGrFLM6NeoPDOJ5hehQH9c2n5bxfQu/mOG+oXhMXLKIG02r0JE+kErb2r3+YeGRExCQJ6aCHPrLf9wwsVUw5JYGkQAg6H/tX3PU1raPlmsM4sgMzY3mh0ttgRMtUQmF2/QvvhYlU2ucUZruN/cdi9s9rNG96SaMdRHymk3UKTuzkez+9mxo7Aif6xgxPnxKAWimQzf55V2Tej9Sd5Wb4g73IzbovTRa+bbiXueuv1HkD/xYREui6hkWgIvCXtmI1cI2FKn4R34MPR277VTgtAsw/T1TrB8OFR7c6r79uqdvvqoaqA2PaN2+PfA1hCOKFBUppyqPpKZsh2QTn6FtSutTX8sODdcpwFWayvMxHP0qh/jAC1w64I1xVeqts0y/0vuypP/8QPACzGLI1XXriLnPk1VwVX5rsK7E29jJJhJu1d78Q+lN/AGm9M6/h9uXBIE1grGAc5jrJAsFfrpld9sNIJBH/5cuHFBvfyVYJ0+gi3q8wj6lwWD+qFyJUz0UzFv6dL12FoaeIb/cg8RKZ2xkZN4K2tTJC/n0vFb0JtOettCx+c4uYkanMfmJU/Zk3IOLiS6Rueq12nMvlY2WAx6Wy74gpZU9egFT2Xqn5blgSknqxq8eqtXLCHk8D1/YHxkzUYI3GfSBxetccQUQ5iRcCCmgJrK/v3YX+MNHskxY0pl47sqWqxqU73cF+aar1bRnDfJ7+/tOSSMRtphY+Jkf+KH/Qom+fmivn/RpO2ykxwtffPQOMJB2UBcBrmVYx6h2zpVDCNV116V4+PDiJFSp1LrNnx9nsyl6b5UJBkJpdlyZdIAdrXuwfP7Cvk7PRbaU5WPhBBoD++Sg7dQ8B5fFgnqSTa3GE3d7ZDEiyzzALFyC0IqgKjSp4n8eUg4gnO07j9RPd/RoP5cRmYcQLbKgATKyiYlpYjd0ZwIl9MJNxSv/dzQRYdNOaujPiHq/D+g4cq75N8VZ+eUTLzUW/AKV5+mZWA0dt8Jsvnvi9C09kT/apmMK2beER6kBO43h2XD34f0QwzLDI0Nf/Jzgq00wpy+UM71lhu09lj74j29NaCOH52D44mrnVtSUgiHw+VUwfrIOin/emrnhO3yoMRz57ShyPhN9IkQ6fQcfXnSQ/oGQeJgDmHsNl9ulUuA85KbNKyUHZAyKI4e1e1Jez+9iinUpr17rsa+Rfbk90GD3zIH92mr5gEqB6u2p+ZrmxwwvhzU6yzmnstUeqexIjFeynpOOHGiVTADWelSR3KiucEcDKND/kpYd3DQ3ggZzuUOedm87CJxB4yPaxchps6D4AI/y2tuZS2bxMktzxRgIbVDhzq5at4jakZ5BShmnyyKCQzto7kTIyBM1boekJLiDjSiDBt6YncT0e+/tmTR2QUYb5uyqS1LToeo5KAgGjpeKKJ+WUI7tMOgo4S0+qbaE6bqFysFD5R9QQklA812P9qkWr22lyru/xVnoBMWy8YWR9sPBKbrNV57JpR3E22yOZLLXlKXafzPwchArb2gTbRQX752dwTUsdhLaL/GI9pUUrO2ttzvSs4Yjuw7sf0BdbtN9QZRcMBfjd7IRJQdWPnlfxZw9qgbf9rFp0OBJT/3qRgeB5i6mxzk84cjRgAggx3OQv09ZP/evQCYAed9tMsjvxu+4JbpOAghDY5WULmc4MICm2ODAs50oCpADokTxGBRPE1swWWqGc/vPQUi6FYa6dtVvnnhgv4FDSVUJve3jR9mVIFtiRgNadJgMxnjnj/lubsG5y9Dik77W5mUQ53GqhqCgSfJILhTa2b7fcd0EqV1DlMUM93UFTUcNioikmXcQh5eTrr9A9/B15WWb4HwwLkwGdpZEeL9xh3BJ2f4M+SfSMgZbrWb+/iH7YqN5I2YjpfnsB0GstSNOWKf/tmV6y3dexrBD8W1QNV9jr8C2dULsASESA7+Gh0pjR6IEwMCGbD8g5MsH5YVLumlZ2pQ/+MybeAe6qFgylSTmd3OQfINYCwlEFRblplrr8ChpgKsb0dEF9+vuyyiRt6EK0i/Ojl9YWzBid+3GjI24KEOJoeGUrqvYYst7PZ+UWanknCKeFWK72B4WfYikssmDVC9dWfCGL+6mQVIVGK+44XAjfqFv3wVz9bkf/F7PP5rSskJu/xgH0F93XiXj27Jol5vdDP30+sxfJh4o3zMSX7TCPALMCrk/32wbVJ/1Tf76IPSbLr81Sre9otDnBmcAB4L5L3Z7d/+5FC/XIpLBByFDETGbNw2npoYkRdE21l4KrJz3Hup5qJlEDki98D+tV+Wej2MhPp/qp4RBq9R0PvNHz4oaxCLPacp7DGaE5GXBFYWdNpiXtCeAwZ9gFgu6lUoMmlRdk/v7GoiYocW/s1UhCYIOmpHgaundySxUCgZLvypxaYKC6qtZHKblnQb7exb/eKbXTz+ET0Jm6e9aQQylgXeI00k2IwzBik3Bg3z4Qkc1qUxRoAuRR9Zm4Us6KSHdZ144BeIutb+7q0l5VD9XnbSH4h9iQ/n4BWkLNJxEnmYAVPZbj9fa7FilnYhRxIVtiSisvkQ6PVBdgLhCDw37O/gQdt9xE3uhrz94YqADdO29+qlwdGeoODGnv+9eaGNA35umD0IdMNGjkIjQilZ50allR6AocIYK3ZAMebzI1lk7tK399ItI76/p9QMXnOeKFNEeQqVTdlgKhx1Zi876yt9IS+Huy21qLAYzgSde2OgN4e/294alZDZLzBU2nXQjroHblgIz7A8lAEyVjA3phc6NtxCGBs58aYrZXQ0jefyOsDkEcrNlQmuEvvIgOUSM0RIeP9DHhZ9cS/LcFYnOSrij3qBXXMH9en9Oe9NmbYaakF2/gzi6lE7+KYj1LEaNo0MEQotFlPxsx+fKYYxgHxsjK00otxi0K8l3rFGpkGocc1kciqQGCqJ6YZQgLFwqNsoDEyWqacsaZ7fdENTZ1NJ8ZW8pPOPj/2ghWo0oSDR8bUAdUQ/tPtyjxDcW291zkoqT3vN96nfUheW4EfMLbpxgv7b6rUtI7+hnE1PwldvZ331UesEz0Xg4sLAMEbRhdmRBNrM2FsY8RjyNIxPbSn09iKDdoJhL6ZaIts6Xmdegeau+DKnq4LtEKTdDik/YlfApz79Holne73NStFuheJafVUXM70E/F+02CKFRO2d5MGacDUBcBl904rWTDmjGY8Bvt+wv9LdXky6w4XJhvSTPXSNHkRp67XOETzZEqEvtrGrDzECmHcLonXjSnU5qsYFYjey2qXGDCtQic47Dqi11LRRBKPIzAEwS9pUsIea9jOkBmjjrV0cjzF/c9zUk5JX6grUgiVqnu18oA79taqJ5qjwIGzsWZeS3LpCgxrKc8cStNkQwJ3+uqAOJJVJ3kq7+GHuLcQm6YrYVJRmKxSk0AT26wNSCb/46otevOyTuFHo+d++zpWqMGN5fmp0ZbFb8+SFCZnw0rgYZlnkUocv7CCCBHZQMiamy9lrbawyVp9+daB3fBF9rkR1bOpSws/6/A6Dp3rYyKzJyNcph2Rv2hraCF+rIpnwnfWZeJiasLAbmweoWIpxXJvHEJ/S80e4y7I+1bj8m3lGLoIHycGCBxLdm7Sq8FWo1fbULd7BXZbk147YgCMd+9ybBGNyYI8UOWC1qfi/HZD9vxJJS7FYmAECkoXUrAabifuwSDXUWfJZRlTx4GzPjQ23valxX7cELk39XAr6FQbPPE3gmDlSU+ous7CGwIvvViuBaUiiHEUO8AhnTfPasw7wbRjmRCcbSGNXGGbfogJhktgJlKL3fO43tpK5vns1euSs0MPBv15QeNLtYGl8WdrdXnUviNHn6KfNr6y2PXVml6TbCuxos99PViRELrMWgtDRmLtnfeuK0QyrkGxJ25B/JRrxxLkiOw6jJ6D/KAZ9cBZJN/UVVBggbdaqPLzBrW78QZlqsRQar6DhqWLkskXXkgSg57BlobaOgH1YQeXA1urGYs0xWZAJyqAy2YhUkLbBn8Ugd0QvQf7quVCSD6yXae9qHkfbMKlyQhYxlteO5oExuqgS8nj0o/Oq3p0BIFhWboHiM+nvv7gUAHKXiGM7p1DrhXsmux1HOgL+uMyOT02JHlVs6Mywkl+8/7B2bi2BgAStyutdp3HKomras0AwXVbKBW6QNQZkk4FilGj/06kotjcuNsFBzooBzRm4HdnCIB17Mi5YR/D45GXuU2y6/edjLNzQ/BCZ5UtpDKeKyf7zDfUyLm3ghARCMIhZbPxA5g/O2D4Q1VyC7dfGTIoLUgHixokwljbobCxRaQd07BJBeSnbwMVIUrIU0oiTObPVf6bOX6n637N8e0NGhwciTLma/1KCX1mq4lkPLkHcD0NO/zmHsWY0Pqntai/ATqeSHu/p5VUUonVz+MzlvQsxwso8w1gv/e6jwzfpKbwMRpOH3I8CVCUBbcEqGUF6e8a3tMmEU20mpM818PmKb7kfiImCUtKyw1+Xo7vT9xtRGw64ZBe+wN2aNFtVCg/5c4Xd1dL+AponLezKUmKYzNj9990DARS/QYLFSZtoQKt6RkVdIb/Bjyz0zRpz/LVC43fPMaDiIZiiYYgv6b2XXKoSna3qxLVpTCyJHCD4Wgj0c5A0tVpg5sGF53Uh+gV5ebTJpI6iuabbBqlv8GalvSrgvc96mgweTiOEoOFvhxktLz4ipcgR0j0wbvvMk4OxLk2x6if1i50gpO2MvBM6MqEWYWwxDi4coVcRSbR8AIBEpm5f0iWdyqXtbSZXGXtt+E/95Y/5iyPDrk9hAYMDgH5sdRzf0M3n08VhR7AriY7Q7vCOahH207OQ+hotceUnXRQ0xRRk225NfPkd0Wn6sbJ/ENH5HNC5bXd0ETOAvCt+Nc22/seA45xCJE3MHEWHfavuWC3rx8Yr90bFGE6RWSLIBHltbdfZqLetFdt4uBLSocn7dWtEHUqKG2/CallOpryfimIwbce/7BbDzFe5Np3/Gy+d+g811r3tZ1fX9JIeRHTUrJZ3V91OKejauIOz+EZ2Pk394LhnNsQHEctblrPq1kYZNGw3LI0eQSG2iDGuQ0vNotGmpZORK10N941FmLaSSvaSqya++8SyUEnMZUfP0bMggPC98kgJ2rhYkOCFit2rb0JOZuOhnRWfuUq3MVzPQza53oYVlwuXFdiIS+9uvrb1tNb1CW6RvrGGvdoNi7bSMOMf5Kg4mpLOdte+UiN261X4IiKhKxNzVVz5ivyCqrCbVKak0Ym9/qulVGLMx0s9nM0tR/wCC/sZSor/wwH6kkjBPHzqjWxepykNJerjyGBah/nGNjsD/37SgJjVAyqNdxDBpAEF4UhWxg5UzOXzQMBIGFiunG0YIA1WPNm+FTpJyU6kqgL0SSAsDH/tEPcso1p5ml0b8e9fV6vOdRuwBRYBZLzGqJWH0yNidin6tsEGKs2FkG6GF3I/1YaEXI9bTU96OEF35Gu5yjxuYijJaeMay9SzxPwab/hL/CPiBrU6V/8wp0gSaTiHFbXmUUKfxhlLyLh/sy4xivoUwwisCvLln+uL+/0JHmqUHVVq50OtpkyCLHc2PDtIu4TmS3WdZT4joYxbwyY65TzrfSKTleBGV6QAjWBVjRLO1R8lrhCiJUVjfSYsXjJuCy9aee8VrMgelzNUAWABIoEN9n9rNrB++VftENY3wmqup9NeR2LJZYW8tvHDChruBcfvqZtG2OvbUvaFibG0ZCMs6eyBD1WXrx1xFYSmaOO/0WrS+TuZERdNDgNOdaPyD/uqSgFSA38mU0IWWCErTMFILfHWjjjxw12rylz4KAccu4d+QwYRWJ5lUm0BTb3/Sm78IpITR18XAq0eLDcLDchtX1FKG8zUOg6rXXrS1WlqmakgBE55SPHLC06SMZKI5yU1dz+8TnVZAZOS6xHXD8rOyrCdHz6UE2X6LiXvOYEp3+3W7I9IoSboBVU8VuAtR5D5wREtE7O4TEcfiv9OcpiKAIHbitcnoQ0Zb/YyHo2BjBXSB2sTZIvb5Mv6CxMvrFo=
PRIVATE
* 02/16/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am. Leche was restless from 5 until 9am. Took her out 4
times. She pooped once and was just kinda restless. Other dogs were
awake at 5:30am too. Strange to see in the neighborhood.

Got the composition working in firebase. Looks decent but need to get
aspect ratios set tomorrow. Still need to figure out the heartbeat
system. It'll be based on those streamed updates which can serve as
the chunk updater and heartbeat. How do we poll those? When new chunk,
wait Ns for a new chunk, if exists, break, else render. Could be
expensive in firebase though

Burritos for dinner with Mariana from the Bennys tacos place around
the corner. Burrito was rolled with no love. Hardly stayed together.

Leche's incident this morning through off my focus so didn't fix the
form validation but will test again in the morning. Don't overthink
it: Keep publish button enabled and validate form on press, show
errors.

Firefox and Safari extensions for 24HHP are easier than I
thought. Submitted the FF extension for review. Safari requires a
developer account I think. Probably best to launch that with a mobile
widget app. The big issue there is memory. Mobile widget resources
need to stay under 16MB (heresay) so might make sense to render
nightly bitmaps. Dust off the original implementation's code.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/15/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am and on treadmill by 6am. Sluggish because I was in deep
dream when alarm went off. Before work: finished the 24HHP cutover. A
few UX bugs to fix now that it's on prod. Getting the tomorrow morning.

SL at 7:30am. Staying on my previous squat weight (190lbs) so I can be
sure to break parallel. Will probably keep at that weight and continue
to go deeper before adding another 5. Slow and steady. Deadlift felt
good too.

Got ffmpeg compiling webcam stream in firebase. The team synced on the
work left to do. Chat with James, Albert and Wolfram
independently. Good flow.

Made a cucumber salad for dinner. Lots of bloating lately. So many
vegetables. Maybe something like mashed potatoes would be good. Or
just simple soups.

Tomorrow morning will fix that UX form validation and spend some time
organizing the launch plans. April 1st might be a great day for launch.

Going to bed now. Reading Influence some more before shut eye.

<<PRIVATE
136aa32c98137017sXiXIXPGMkYXeHH7lz2p3VOigmWpPcUZKdFQykoBxXV7bIClHJqyZJe5x9uxUZzjRwcPLxXknOE/1QCdoj9kurmpIDsFg/aunXRMWlvwZLKgmeindSewa6buNKp1UK0/xfPnagnkApIzzpLtLfwJnTbarfAsxxnjSjRyGZuyVaJjXVDUdfeJSNI69IQ6aMagwOYFg+bsru6A0GO0oQuYochXyJJUUwEvm5OOXCTPN75Ur2x022BoWVawlgd1CPn2F3j5oqcexZSP53+O1siSHkNoR9Sm0IyqUAX83lG63BoC6rL6lGEBRlRkAAPdzaTuLAwkIyf5jkeAhhliya9YTtfX8zurJtTSJPijygbTV+cfOk87IMS/O3+fHvyTKv38feThDGxXxXZ7nInX8E6YyNOxmS4dgy//tx4Z5NMzsT9JAcwVw1WkbNTJh7QNOVbvxW0dmCzKi1J8HInmghUhOgSg4zS3Dt3BqSsii6gvX8eeXtOCy4u3VdzsVzdDYC56mjhl07Uwcoes7Fwhvn1L9be5SAUs9zGj4Q1v3EPifuq53XiuJSG91NV/K2kn7TL6LV2bOHclxlwvaouRRtZapu3aix/OKhpoh1IlcDDhHVKTxEBH5ElxWwGn53JFF+oZevjSOMVGkkofAndXXTLSLNP4vz3WhA38fdCDR5C+rZdBxmP8xg87BDJn9iW8VUWfuiCfc1EKNmWzk9/BWsE9ji+qEfrRVtaiwYUUqgLBEpkMrlVmBLiBL570WDdLMJIqotsD2Wi1BQYOKnno/OOiW31xRs6MMG1rCuHBeC2GF1ejx3/tON5get29/rbWa6F2PGqeMOVUyGZQm2EkwukmM/KjE17EAS7jwz0lM/KOcD6rARNp7whsIJAjYBW6fQoilvcEU3KyeaO+SqlK0N8c7xll3IM52XI18V+5OF8Jjf8AaxgdOAgRXZi9rNIWL6n+OqvNMkKL/SRyGSXPZqlhPkMzzHwkPiSEhSopQVk5/KnyZHrdAanyJW+RdCQn7S2Bf+C9FrRuvagGCMkEY66PUoeGkbIP3n9aPMRqVjAQt4CT657JF5UGpukyW+DBcpw/PfvTtySei6k3x7GhaaCtXzMV/E/8tbsIxgYnuJQ7XaCxfHYG56OtSQHwHWjjdw7ljeh/ukFZVNclcrUO8ozcGUkb2YOgRanlFBGTHF/qy1q59lmJ0X6nwPSo0tYcgdcaFHK8sRF+bY59mLrArl5ms5l7GsMqIPGSau67rgThWOxXLkmet7jb5hvRY9QqfMygq+UqW8xsnCHQZaJy0LeM+LoC561+PspXRMMe5sTSqD0UcEXnBgmQc9JGwts4DQ7ifLGvaaVcYRoM7jb22uwdV1sR127UtdSm0Nn2zmN8PYFog8dqDQN3uAYgG8Iz5naTolmEA4ZHzdzSMVVwljjDPI1PySi8Cr/sHDnCVRluj2ubY8FrAPlKJ1zY1APaLUPyr7BneoZeUy77FQ6ssufxSgIwCR1LpzJrCMeS4a3v2euiBYtjyknU3yJuKwxMn28zh02pmoi2t6hPsU/dwhOqDrwuwhkwgiCNguvD77iOYdqqeysiswm2onp9naTWO99XjdtrFB+QepIMa+7HE5gP2lnLXJl27sdPyRtS13N3oAkBf1qD6jE5YAaEinzMPEBI3gJAldsl4YIXAQMdBjIxrk7Gif70nbVesY1GBXgW0AnTK7zMBA88lo0uUd6I2GUWJKtjipBdrHolDlB7yMOUYxxlV00KAbLYocXKlCQ0oQuNeNhL0dQUx8eUgRkfn5e/MpIvYk8fjncyC/Kar9Q6wRXYwRQPdRKYKOrgnQTCBkxrjCEyh+zWwUdDZuCIMWd4V8mqJH5tq2iIbLP7hrUDZ780oWVPlSYXXf+xkZMCRW3ckNk1aSd2FWcsSBtRtZLak2fxU5Y8BKElJRPFVexGo57PgsZSEtPntOcntj+ma+Wu6GI4qIqwVVm/O3yTL75B5Vj/EllJiu/28qcXp5BXi0zuBEhfUobz3+qszNaiG9vO8RKIIQGGmJcEh6r0px4a86n5aEDgbVQIMHUOlb7RC4JNj5gkUP7McCBKz/7LS4kUgBjb09Jld739trtsDMG166OVLr2NH5Sm4ASvVpS59ZkLtdPUzQJkcG4jEUMNZhhYK3AmYUNrAmdCoyAO6LCz/mkPzLK3Q7S+zChJpRt9S0wn617ENAYUUeKTF94gZgKbGhWArOUkLOXNi3IsNSK6lCOm8ZHWIbT108Jl6hcYWDdb42YL5A2mQP4q2Zr2IqSfEKMVvZZRFipHeEqMacZVfa8LIlc+60uLpNwviz20qYjRaeAxF/753ampEs4Tlu8GB8hTDG69n/1aO74iTbdeVnKw371pznp2atIuTNLPPmKke0eH2NKHE/0hiFEcYV0pDs2meQdJglLCWK/+qJJMimoRTrIyd8d0k3YWk/9s0nsE/z0SrPWJX5lGuL75PGIGNXKLzCC8XidbMBV6Drchz+EsCrlpm+uhLYhFphaf4f/0XAQj2mkaDMpt2+38tAAh7y17a1ozZVeGpVz9ZNSZwQqCNb3cCWwEjwYXaErKSdt9jCirs+FZq14nTKKfKSYkJE93dkFEcKD1fIcjdIThFgU7liJXKY2CZQYUAA9E8KtSl1w8oxG2u+zRvjWSjr7iMev4KQ6OsC+Mw2SWrleRjsJX6CnUPfeORYvK+5TUrjjjWS7uaGDEuSHNqJo7ByvtMT6dYe+jy5u2oaklDNmnKsGIZcLJxmaCHGw5q/UF2K+N4xDXqVgEazUhc87Rktfj6gFEkMmx1T7o0p1PDpNv5IrziKE3OEOj8OoKHDi5qcb6FvT70+J7xXJwdHao00QHPuZADskhcw6DMCeTgU8v77EEKOcq0YHptZO+Qp+zuG+Vj/RgRTQPVy0a3UBxMUC2ZRcywf3cYSy7tNXeli2XPHdYKew4hvSjFDE6ehTnJ4BpoVZtfkXg3wrfxCi8swuDolpPBUYvZQZwZBzadTWZMb3DMc7JG8UXalWHrmkEEWD07YTjcnkFFIImFqsYTf8ofaHO3UhkobcDpX60Im+jaC1KYW/zxEKWGtCIppFqhRzhTUifwJasOJ4XsdrpvzAYZSDTGfscLuFxfAXrvIn2vOZv3rf9AE+ihYwOpmXvpRIQqa3zwTL1U+0SsEaaKz16dLuPLivEWRn9JY8qKfa3jO91j8eVZVgUo/THZCKEOEiajCaxTy3sJhVzmQ6d2fj/KtSyxQWjaLLzwtedSduZLPZNCVcBq8tX5tg9k06KZumEi96AAhlIrWawxCG1G+FHraJo+FAGVnhb+Concd6noEaYCgy06KzNfobDbmkb3pzZSDJI+zKJ7FHCpvQZ9OJc9Rm4A5mZCjqy5u/PuYqq3ZV0DMZP2d9ZKRZg8QXNN4wlZkRRHqmeFZ0pwlv4yf7McYiSMqIgMSpaEwrISAnsBGZAjsvXwCmN4N99vDqm+CQMBuoYcVfB00zMrNyZ4M7h2a82sYdMzNoYQE4M0Oe2/D8o7Ect5qsv/0wDv5Zpcxspzap+atDR+2du7GGp4mabVi2mmxCHElrOuc3DsvZxGuSuJFm63IDjmMG1txtClEg0u4bg8Rjscz6ez0J0OaxjH7wl9M/uLjFnJI9S8Qf3BLaLeVQ23ZaPX4qkUk6AbSe62ou39YDbeJIYXKfzfwkmOa8nw1SkZ4KKSN8ZrD+cXCrfqGgKjTwaaVxEj0hIVB42ipZQKJikMjZQZ8LdmOI/f/ktsv7ZYoWTI4Nu8VD0uy79iLDAWgH5nuBWGy1JpkzXn4vSYHJ2jpf5s2RdOILUkMXraqmBKQlUFk9tyGa9xrZ6wvZXIvZwtnhdFjjZbXxGPt/CM1hknaN3ECiB3NxGIX/M1SsJUROW34r2LmF99+E+0yeal2MIgB8a3hljKK4xmRCadNqO83EoD/qbRqBcbSR85oLkcl3PPiEUqm8av2/eu4Fk+5Svq3FFkMj5dXOOeW85S74c/zKGrIyaX3rRjUcICEFdDJd37nVsOg/Vij+0uUh9rd78Yv6SnYtPeb6cdXCn7YB4QWb81nGl1N+BWUp3Jv5Cw4XWnxMBhaZ7rjxKTaXZHz0wCG+sfVDWgT6BCbm6vXMLp61dkrxEr7jJFGdmh4HE4Lfv3m07uICf9BVXgagVUmDLGX+mJ56BwT/d3wSXaJLHTS7F0npA+Yv8kWLu+6U14yIZQrU9/R3toVPxWoJNsMZqQXYxKko5gI+U98/tn9iB5d2UvV7bdDmrlpfRB2fQInFTUgeJZOzDMmYkI7rGJFmq5vpU3+fOn8rpFHRP82obrqZtIUVL+mmIxt7REw/s1gj7bAZo5MvXJvzpsHK8mQIvQK2tq7MGK9Rl8uCl3FxYlFs8ebCXzRmCvN4MzuClRc6PGRcq0cwAxPIQFpZo8w5ScHEwm7IojCCuXxOqKJXNC3La2APeOavc25gJ/H92b6TcK8I2qvpFYSogTwxAZgliCcabH1Doco74bpKdxdJDcDnE4q83t4p2QkDpAdJ25k/AmAgotgK1hfAiYXqkZFIGYJKfbDXdwFuhFa1rPWWIVPN2urfEjV1rfkOpLvUi13/FzMkzlT4OGz4oZzwlZNch8U4PX5kSYIcVw+UyY6OnqxCeRXUK5n2sJQcUHCCrTAtfh5e2TlrVTJ8bsVo8Z8XKtn86jK78fDV1Ft5GZ4PQBJnpjHZxgUE4qspvnQ4kvnTp9ppL6+zTytmvoOHThekboN47XpfHxf54mh5TU/Gf/N3DqZ7Bfrv4+YJb6EaV2RDE+oEVnSS1I6bAZChOZDQ28Ml/mtmiMA/d/JOHx4KwERJYLFubqIAv8QN8AOOZGSiBCmjeXxCKN79uWsZSe5qaME/iq+Q7DYTlOELiU6Qsb/+XEpirCEN/pPFoehxTtUXszm0H+nBIuzPA6OKNwH/2om5iQB9SM5bxh9pWgN8yZnETtTzEe8OQ4LY1rk99zYA0kYgXg4O4db/CdTsksukOSrq3IYllsjzEKX2BBKt9qNC+i+LLK3ipkPwlCKSCG4TN6IzeSw1QNcGjJ07teUwpCSUT3mKcfmEmRnkX1XuZ9c7DZmjLYa2458slApuMGHN92Pjm70wNkU+jkTcjn+fEICcRLrjCPdNLTr/6knn1iwO5jr8kTLfDv4FK9bc524slOiaNj0/6dt8zJ3w59mnlfm5bHgB8YCvmex8QFpPe/eGyZoPlpKsbwJANzBICbll7/k9PlDf5wz1nLQgOseNjVTiZdUjg0mwXCNSZQ/ql1zX6qWhhA1dIYXOdNIHN+xxzTzDsUA4M6mCeH8TijkEVRvSedOOlX4n3U2z2N+/AxDl6Leqf/SUuTrQd0ipHp8QwiG83yOq4io/G8Kn83Fufngdob21WvC2wol5M8/lSMHxKGWyir909N147wSASBCDESbuvV05rhEkkum5rMD50F3PRjVV5Nik2uSqiGRwbhT6Qah47dewQ7Z57+yuIsHLH/LF7IyBME5oBIRNhpC8YZ+Q17eL0hGNbU3d8tgE1BCNjfaa/XhoimVWQEtknpFa1ewzGz148HBN8fm6N1DyYxmyD3PPNilaid+WMPyqcohbIKl47WVEpE7JNL2v7VahLxf7wSaYNAW2ajyNuoRvRtU+3MvU1eZmOytJLzWOpOkf+ICFWdN/kH4U7nYhgszxjF1wGrc4W0g1VcgOkHwsyMEn4PG8iHJn/ZfEpdEtuXD/RTNgr3xO/pyVR+RxoTEcvSiNryLw6VZI+t+M5VmtN0THkNk4pNsMNZxuloY70pELYCbN+qBappIEfrlHniG9XxsXTGIxTEwcSNGt2Cs0ubUgrivNvNCIdvigl3MVgf+xgv6fL3Bqo+XMFVQWdIDi0STgqpHNyBstTtSl0yzzrvfsnfcbqrwD+I+8SnM7/OjWUwRIqK4Rdf2rMdJGxJFCK4qab8SFv0BQ1ql/qzBlH+OdjlbRWA8516yG+NrB2FSk1nw6/i7o9qnd3xPUfa6KBOao3c34e2Ix2VoHK1kvTkbkGngj4Bu7INCM+GfnO5q7SHz2IotQ2PiAhrKH4n8tkEM6CMgEifHxd/3XBOM5yiTsPeQ6q9J7WzbGXSrCeg8o0hLlRgrHWTGwand+wRUv3JK1RSkAFd0j77nYvYrNSQXCZuyQbtfAk5+w64YuiRlHzFriiIjumSuvNG39nBFmgoeCUAE7LXKBjNwxIplLKFBdS7Rt74FdQk3jZKhrUt86V4tnxDS9NTW4huO45oJh2N+/n0isLi2n//HZXVRFri2oT8naJtrw9g18+4jcZnllVXSAGEg5vYYSDN74jXejL9KsgbgIgGd2lM1DWx5wZo5fsK9Iwmx+eZ5f7hKpTt+Ul/+uP7eKT5wLaIDqpAvKdqU4VfeUupXUE4zYenKN9QNGCw0wp1E9Wb3Vj8pWidZzt+K63j2mOgOo/i+58Q2sCxH+ViNBIQ9VYo0jY5TwbGOXuq1XpCyg6icrjB3alcz+83+yJ8wjdRKMmXAH7gL1Xisl2PquKUVuVE+a1GZYzZZehVPjnVfSPEvKiMe4GhA9I9ytomxUvHYnSSPl2jbj2qFu3VHY3iia/8mw4B52Dx9p+Tcpv7vGDQQIvuEpiOmM0pPacGQERzLq9AvAGDXctR+4/v3E60Nn3B3SXoNfhwhbM62tSkJn7BSWyZ5WSzlW7YV7u+CmRJ3cQ189qLiDVn7zpphzr22/x3t/VxZMJK09RKjY28hgRSqLoxo4kP5EUN4yMfQd9zshvp0WjpQphJ/DUwmoF7ikD1fChCZDObwX4+PLhrlQSmMje21nq5w==
PRIVATE
* 02/14/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am. On treadmill for migration by 6am. Started production
24hhp migration. R2 copy took the longest but in a good state for
cutover tomorrow.

Worked on the live streaming problem. Got a prototype rendered on
frontend. Figure out how to mux the seconds on the backend. Firebase
extensions are closed source.

Made valentine's day dinner for Mariana. Pasta, salmon and brussel
sprouts. I had pasta and sprouts.

She did 5x5 after dinner. Leche had a little diarhea so I'm making her
rice before going to bed and reading Influence some more


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/13/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am didn't start working until 6:15am. Rough landing, was
still sleeping and went mindlessly to youtube. Got GA setup and fixed
a heatmap issue.

7:30am SL. Going to stay on my squat weight and focus on deep
squat. While I did 5x5, I recorded some squats to view the form and
wasn't proud of it. Do it again.

Clarity on the new product with the team. Updated the createClip API
and prototyped the live response. Will finish that tomorrow. Need to
figure out how to trap realtime connection closed.

Making pasta and salmon for Mariana tomorrow. Bought Leche new food
and played fetch in the house with her. Our neighbor Chris detailed a
history of Egypt.

Caught up with Elle and Sam just now as they walked Ziggy. Lil Miles
is 9lbs and life is good.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/12/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 6am. Lots of small wins today. Monthly finance report
format looks good. New tagline for 24HHP which captures the new
spirit. Growth ideas gestating: have fun making stuff only

It was pretty fun making all those gifs for people I found online. It
was pretty taxing to drop it all at once like a bomb. Maybe better to
give them out as I make them?

Some way to stay accountable to the rhythm? Get perfectly clear goal
understood. Focus.

Played ping pong with Nate when he and Melissa came over. They were
saying hi to their friend in WeHo who flew in from Australia.

Fun to play ping pong with Nate. We used to play all the time my
freshmen year. Good times.

Laundry today, made the office bed. Mariana did her workout after her
studies which went pretty late. Chopped pears and oranges and grapes
to make a big fruit bowl. Soaked yellow split peas and slow cookered
them with potatoes and carrots. Ate with rice. As snack, made
guacamole with two avocados and chips we got from Naoum's.

Not much playing with Leche today other than 4 walks. More throw and
run time after the new gate is installed.

Nearly ready to deploy production 24HHP and do the cutover. End of
week. Clear focus on the goal: traffic increases every day, more
people post, more people buy.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/11/2023
** Summary

Had a great morning. Woke up at 5am, prepared paper work for sale of
truck. Got it Smogged (will live for 90 days so now truck must be
sold) and washed. Back home for quick shower, Leche walk and feed her
before heading to Chase bank to sell the truck.

Sale fo the truck fell through yesterday. Guy ghosted us. No
word. Mariana and I went for breakfast at the croissant place.

Laundry and 24HHP for the rest of the day. We watched Scream last
night which Mariana enjoyed. A scary movie she couldn't guess the
ending of! I don't remember if the other ones are as good. Maybe we'll
watch them.

Nate and Melissa are watch Superbowl at their friends house in our
neighborhood. Might come by to play ping pong for a bit

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/10/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/09/2023
** Summary

Good day. Woke up at 5am. Super groggy from lack of sleep the night
before. Restless I think because Mariana was reading in bed for
hours. Leche slept in her crate.

Daily stats API up. SL workout at 7am.

Standup then synced with James at 10. Shared firebase scaffold with
the team. Create and verify user APIs are up. Going to get the
responses one next. Whole app might be done by next week.

Late lunch of lentils, potates, spinach. Delicious. In the evening I
ate a yellow mango skin on. This is the way. Seriously, as long as its
not a poison mango it makes the fruit so much more aproachable. No
knives, delicious skin. Like eating a kiwi.

Thai food in our neighborhood for dinner. Been burping up the oily
fried rice I ordered. Friggen gross. Had eaten so well today too.

Mariana made an awesome bowl from her stool concept (that broke). It
looks like the CMB. Weighs 7lbs (before glazing / firing?). Awesome.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
fa0f0982c3338700mbOPDFR5aJuAizhIzrcYYU+3Q3UvlxP6h2Y6JwndpRQ4GBYOLZ7g6eL6M4LAWbuA/yjvZVmZxQ/lRaZcKDEF7qmB3jbvZU23haro3N7lxQEJF/tesn1IJ2AZT0B/vqMAXHaDsqlGR+zIJbzfUf33QPGOpO9DpAlzQCa2vyBJkyb9JYS5I0yJmXgHO5OhEdY2NqmSJs5R+HgkceUNqLUgoNJdLp63lXKZtG33K/Mh1RY7t3TgFomgPKS3zri3h+702vnQH3Tpa+0KdbYrGd+Yil6DX7W7J6kQs7hQXHyGdLOuI2fW//GVV7EE9CADVzVgrqsjfMcNXzx67wKNe8jDKakzJgDJRKqSa4LpkO7y+CuS+dTd23t+VGPaKY2awFqZNeidy7RUg8CRFCWjNk9K4sMgE7Qa2cS1q7aAdlVvE5W3XXViiZqFc9vhJLIq3Ta66Abi2Qk8riODsHuADO897qJe11NzkTJw4J2cvg5GFuglVeAKQxQ8XA4EWniHX0tc6DPfJ382jmP/ShZ1WPt9RVEYhT6dg2JUkEXxkrlEjBqgHN341zS0QqehY2J5Zb43f6pBd7Tn8DsRrokDlA6jtnlRkae1VZjMFW4DJ+fxTTJFTP8Rtk59d6H3j1IvOLSU3QFcmz7JE6E0479AbOxDB9cSh3b5mDrASzTLYoq0GF/5zEZp/k4tqL9CwAyBCsV+NDvZEa1RNKi7VkPE2tMYtNPMS/DX7OWyn55RonD62597xnFBEwiGOa8xc6/nLcrmd3ba3VXLGYHSXyWGibbVlEdk56GVJk6mHY57Wvbyc0P1YztZH2Jfz8/rUqEjOq1gS55bxGWGs291k2PvZpydWG6NfIbangFw5aYZT/dgmx1CWQ3Gj1ObSz4FyXXuuSf+6v+UaXz3JIe3QPy4HIUXnD/31O8haVNF+V5dKOBwvxBLSAriKPeThoAp74eyknm1K8hsU4Hl9gUcFDwVOKPRxKkgZslrDBPK45PrUa6IeTb+7O7N8KbGBQ8VmsU1aORu3T58vPqBt62yYTSRHON+9mj/UFWOYEvx+J2OhAALHBZJcC16I/tR4piy2x3mDxucc06qAaE0nuEXybCUnNEngWhx4GwHUf+rCCOyUTyjKPkxNFcFgxzE4ZC5VLzD7wbSC2uKa5n/h11R4GqaP2h6HPCZ8V5lZxk8yUFyICKC466BX3f04v5h92fEz3o0xHdfbj+rmq6ASxs2usxAadqtetS9r4mHFMeJqZ8XwUfXJmMKxxTw+cLb7x4ERDWeeeROBW8V6pZWowacOPDw4/J2H4IG+GdCHs19Y0gK4gs8Ey/g29NuXAEcQuFoeTmLqDHil17ix1auaGsIGhIcXTWU7FELFBLBLHWb8M+gM4hMaHsX/B8fkJ9dawdjLbaxd9JjG6fjf09vQ4RjZqjsJA+h8HjR4rX0o0P1HoOezPQ5WIYXwNMuFWZg1YbFLMj0dTNR4z/9hBAxNyk+Fu2jbAYUpVn2TOrtzpYg1o94YFqUwuo380+ytIecFP0IYL/lrR1h5KiguQXACVEeFIJMQaMoynBWq6dNwQ349BkesfoaJ5Eld46na+pSuYaPGj5pftT8RiLrFj63D7Ic7I1iHcYU3FdsVkIfA+GYNP6QB+nyuLEhjvPn1MxQNK7oSnmXEoW/84o3iA9b6U8nVZNnNzhySBf7mJKGikOW670+xvauGQKYSbgyAHS6Iwqr2oQpRX9GRzWlcoicP+MQQPpBfTNRcmO9v0t8k6sAnbGMC/PHHKgtCJfTuGvViwMQydhUrM4NAbYweln/qbB2B8zdy6MYEhhvwF5vF+329b144PFAejBs1OayXfW9r2TKzO+lIhQLro+Q9idjIP41n35yxg2hPEQHiKD7N30o9LBvopevT7nooHJBqVtWe5j6DSkUOB5UARJrl6Wx/COicrpRXcivDHBb1Dw0JIWWAtprh7wv6C71BpF2LYFMkG2z+7/NzY3vOgTi4J8L7zmSFvH68Gcu8TjAwnEbi/EAl1HYhG0FqTZz5A1qru+1QQUxsvJVY/3Q4hdj339gw6q/TNpc+CmYuGtoqd8J9SgM8lf804rShgP5eY8rWw1Lcz14crauIa4NGpWW/96aQ5MVchd6ms+GKDXGUu5nAnWO2Exk7wRmI+mtYH7PC4WRqKuhqZmIO/G4OnRTLIzJehiaJKQHFVepGFSFzdeB1RDXdGvcpLqlhHlHI5vQjpElEeZU+6DHINDpBQ/JAaADQkelJcCM3hWt4OhDRxp0aPcrqHvvahpptmaagM0UBQ8eSl6oZHTkyWw9FUyZhpXu40Ux8uNcORpCSylVA/SJzDa0N701WCRIxwkX5aEXoSYEvFx6MKhLWOX93QpCtMf5THSaAIT5k/3Wfz8nRzJs2vp0L899TXi0aHey59eYuWS3EaM4RVnaFZH2r1EiUQ6o/r90KjDcmbNPtzTF2sdqVZbToTAFux/1H4A1yzVhCyu2nna/LPDRcebBE5QL6gB8JonjZFQQu4hPGztP3lrsaRlrTyhu6UiPG4o5UAZFOfUee5fZrR9GasasRpwlhVPxoy5CtqN7hgqnNCgAqtWX3CvSNOidPcyD0cGjAgQsVb4Rna7B5KzeDzv4Bc2BNZogloXWcJ3I/YYbhW119d/+ZvHlj6Mx4GOpdg3NL2F6s795xNHBBEz1zY64y6IyvuHr4pzq8gkIRwnH1951YcjiNOod/7GB2lU84aWGmycWiT19jbgUxSvPZYuS46bBAzLW7aJ/tng/GIrfDxShHRRCsMXlJQ3TlTWwfL8/JG4qla+TZjEHbpFupH0TR02QjQiX59Xu9uozgFegCZ/8/fbsv+2c4Ga4K0TTPZjdkyKqMtUyLPnm7D6i0QIehsXwQrlAWRWu+RLhmHBhn/YsXzzudPmbIea9Tolw7y7RpiwjI5xjZ7EpVkSuWCCJeI4LtF8GhOGsvGv61C9jK7Ccd7i332jp+OUBExoLom51AUgbskpo/A9H9pRrsRryvX0ss3Uetl1To76DCrmvy9FWa4K5XZ5GoAbX+vSu77XslEEmmsgTTdtNWYaXFMGSXAOSGGMYOUCBUgiEpH5LturdRqCbN1CYTrzj21KaDeRfeXvqdz9fuVWQ3H2DB2h3VDEVSmabfXDJSjxH6WAsc32fEg1N/Ej7Lz7NkDreJ33/dy2MOW99WgYM2lzva3mtDb7aO9csyhrIOct4iCKpt2S+yTQ85t9Lj9SXUJDFMOzVuAmz4gR55yn3zfWDKi5SxhmxR504lajbaaTNIizmZlCdy3TuxmGOvgnkbTuvbTkYRTvCGzEG1upWusfzvpMcT864XLwWT4iXeR8LCcRUwCMoHERlwSqHxDSeswcGmJXtu/878QRXXakeszsS1L1KbVFgDfltAGYGAxp+mtXO6CGIYEDtlka8od+YSSuQOHLsBtnKR4PRzcGHYQx+RCo/mHMGoPoqoE3romn5tv1Copw+BYbLvzrNOGOFZ7gnlpM+tw1I5+NJxNefK29S00swpbf5d0AZAWiUGldPZR+f1U9V9+wB0LPvdnEYHr0y6eLLcUse2PedOXxXX731hNuYALnur549i2ccaScHYEx3eEUH6mNQ+v1yB/szYMV4J8lRORd5cVzH7U7lLvjz5MvhmibXwH5bthezfLA/XqWbkuFAKR8+MS3ChNXJxJSH6WNglZJ3RaEK4szozT50I3roUdc2vEog8FDjyyytKgVYQ1Jn/IQahT0EQiqbvVvE8M1QFY+46Y7KSDVwQjW5nicsKWIzEp6YgXCcIUoAE0gZmBGyId30sL0GLXNDD2ZGaVr9az6LlK7qesn5QNKK4ew2iBkW2s11NrCdLlCvzVcJnjIIB6pxKtB2fWIuBs2mm3TJrAJF86h2K5mrC1Ca9aKxfPMmkxfbe+Hsazgw97bhEowJJt7muw5ztcItLcK7qUgEVMynfVMg+Y6GtHriphpjv9mfZDvx1tJdXPaNwcSkhoXGZmequBiAA4ksGARWRj+xG1Mk9uNddvbHDf1DfXOgma0JkrrJI4LIyyGvp0sN4zsTNgyytjh80PDOGaP7A7JDTJTSmyl2IelqLyyIP4aqHQTN+whWoROdSXamOJsRHfF/JZzjsTzyr+cc7/QQoeeQUzcJqwzB6SF6qWMdToahh+L9qqc/q1JOVtDpksH0MheHPy7w/NPDDR+h3+W7FBxBfAiEa+qU6fj99A2BW7pq0Q4ryEodwlrzcvMDqonMa+3SsNGlCVLCkIXvKM2D+iFjPc8HCcLDZQifmmbWxbKXMWtsra/hA6NHZmdBvptZL+Cmghauco1Osdb6hyJQqaa/Im99dV8ZmEj/VvWUlV8dOuArKZTucKv7
PRIVATE
* 02/08/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am, 24HHP by 6am. Worked on the email templates and growth
loops there.

Got direction on what we're building. Synced with Wolfram and James
about tasks left. Divided. Refreshed my memory on firebase API and got
scaffold. Will write main APIs tomorrow (not push notifications)

Kambrie said they're installing a gated fence in driveway. Need to
make sure the gate is less than 8'3" wide so the trailer can be
dragged out when sold.

Bedtime.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/07/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am. Super tired. Had a caffeinated drink around 6pm last
night thinking I would do more 24HP work but didn't do much and then
was just alert until what felt like 1am.

Workout at 7am. From 6-7am formatted the tweets section. Tomorrow will
make bigger lift by capturing email, notifying user when it leaves,
installing google analytics and setting up daily metrics (no graphs
although it is a cool problem)

Met someone who was going to buy Mariana's bike but he chickened out
after staring at it for 10min. Lame ass. He had all the info and
wanted to haggle after we agreed on price.

Mariana's workout after work. Solid hour. Some nit picking from us
about about whether SRK owns the properties they manage. I think there
are more than just two owners, like an investment vehicle for many
parties.

Friggen wiped. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 02/06/2023
** Summary

Good day. 24HHP is almost ready for re-deploy. Inspiring chat with Dad
at 8am. Truck guy agreed to buy the truck on Saturday. Someone agreed
to buy trailer next week.

Got IAP semi prototyped for TT.

Matthew stayed with us last night because he had a work photoshoot at
7am in East LA. Really good to hang out for a bit.

Pretty excited for the next few months.

<<PRIVATE
c7f56e90332850e6di4C53UQIcVHvMk4GQq7dz8meMjgLTHe8gVzooxEjnrmfLymlEQnhrKHV5NMjwG06OO9a2AuOBUia5WzojCi3xCUBoRSLfG3LhIb2HIPfQEZgVAXfBFrtBy40aaSM89ElYxro9G8uz8E48icZwikko2Ga5JbeFF+/7wnqheFZJX8jteBh5PXQDJHK8mnVbzGcvMKDZ1i7VXvDLfhqbYq7lNPkSzz0yzbyMx7hLb9hPxWMGzbknCSHfudxHYzRpnkPhtYpIzwb0t++xH1EWBCLI4iYMkTBWFAIKVoHO+va6ZcnqRlvLgY2BNeW+yK0dFryDMFT6VgK1ougavj0T5dN3cHwWQd2YG1hW6mu3xRd8f2dXOK/4Jw9rw0tZ7OftneHqB+BKI=
PRIVATE

* 02/05/2023
** Summary

* 02/04/2023
** Summary

Have been in TJ since Wednesday night (02/01/2023) and haven't been
updating these notes. Here are some notable events of the last few
days.

Drove down to TJ late Wednesday night. Made mint and mate tea for the
drive down. Enough to keep me awake but honestly not much. Slept like
a rock. Brought barbell and weights with us to do our SL workout in
the mornings.

Continued UX research with the team and presented on Friday. Figured
out how NGL link does the authless signup.

Waking up at 5am is incredible. Even on the off days where it takes
longer to get clear mind, it's great. I suspect I can get that fast
and more reliable every day.

Have e2e tests for 24HHP and am working on making iphone publish
smooth. Once that's done, will get e2e purchase flows tested then get
the emails formatted. Final bit is administrative tools to get my
daily rhythm going.

Watch Babylon with Maru last night. Entertaining but a strange montage
ending I felt was unnecessary and broke the flow.

Potato tacos today that Maru made. Delicious. Tomorrow, waking up for
SL and heading back home earlier around noon.

* 02/03/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/02/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/01/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/31/2023
<<PRIVATE
2c0e1f52ec831b96xYv3gVtiQ8GaCFMhgTCLS76gRjuDH53e4BgHWPtviQkuihupVPhcyYmU2x+xIW07QrdYJSHe8hw0eeZ3SeDlPXAKj3vyLcBzJhUZuVWEZng3ncEM0ND/TTEw0PJ+Ww64bLcSnjh2TQDs0l0UnfcUfnC4PQdSoJweQ47qhMsTW6Ry3wgdQxdX4AAm/DQVGvtPoZpSNhbKDADYQF8YBpn68+Xzn9CBXhEfkDS4Slayn6K/LniYJi2hIO4bCjKzPhedZs7gZBX1cdZ3mV+fmtz4WwqaMwnz9rB84Wutu44BNaHwDga2fossGzDygV+zixfFSzFVhuwBHxny/3jFuxlMP/h4HXNX+C9fmxF36eYqmtSFI2hYL7LLyieFwhTVaVJV7d5oA8pVDM3Li12qrMz/SGYHPhsSC1HuF86abasqOz4VvSjK4myUaDTzJY7I1VkP5o9lLzG5fCnp2haXSxbioBSC7BLEpFy7yM1eB7faLHYDg1dylqRe2F55cY3dyaEU5Qw48sTSvU95Su5gUYY06um0SOK7Crq84Vaw8E6RiPDQQ2BV5eQUdlAe+9WgG8pMOBezJ0BwGjuquaqbJmlMvZpDTbsb2zsc/adKgoGfNM6LkpG3NVcU3clVq/OS7H1+vkm2dbFK6lGD8BC3u2lzD9EZmHR15d5mAYZbPeLceWA6L47cym1JAG1MJP1JXiFJk7NQDqI7HooKQA==
PRIVATE
* 01/30/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am, started 24HHP migration.
StrongLifts at 7:30am.
Worked on the Sup research deck
StrongLifts with Mariana at 7pm.

* 01/29/2023
** Summary
Long weekend.

Watched The Whale last night and opened up some big
conversations. Today I did chores from 11am to 8pm.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
130719b89ad53c9au8PAnETv34ohKaHifon0NwR/UU8Zk4vN/cX75jo2miAfzAXlh56gdkC20SD4mEwZqF8hq8k0PJo+bRKcYtVCEw9wLeb79DDCcuPMDZSTQHiJgsqNo1JSx6P6lUje97w6rJMCS5MSayH96dtD5KbIGejN8n6oaTT5I+Z4XqWkE6543Nb7Zsq0tySAAm34L+1chqXy9XruvqrG1RYbaOjomBUB3onzx/qo8BYO3c/3DYDrTquMnzSp7Cnj4LsefgC2KvHZy6InidVNCsuvalmzOmo3cNE7yLj9X4IvJ9vWHYdcnal1U7A4MJZpm3RawBfi54skLZ/5rpJiNylOD09mVZJfvcIPd/2OhJMKYrJHD/Ed67O13/27j8AHURSAqW7gzSnMS+OTYIpWk/mV0myNN6fWUWyXhQ==
PRIVATE
* 01/28/2023
* 01/27/2023
** Summary
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/26/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am, on treadmill by 6:15am. Didn't get restful sleep I
feel. Mariana was on phone for a bit and maybe the peanut butter I had
before bed kept me up? Doubt it, but was kinda restless.

Stronglift by 7:30am. Need to be more conscious of the squat
form. Break parallel. OHP went to failure. Around the sam weight I was
at last time I was doing SL consistently: 105lb.

Meeting with Billy at 11am. Added more to demo for tomorrow. Before
the pitch I'll rework some of the slides.

Made another hot cocoa with the abuellita stuff. That stuff is
trash. it's pure sugar. Even when you blend it you can see its just
granulated sugar with a little cacao.

Picked up water at 5pm.

Made a potato and bean dish for dinner with chili sauce. Sauce: 3
chili ancho, 1 chili guajillo, 1 veggie boullon, 1 14oz can of crushed
tomatoes. 2 cans black beans, 4 yellow potatoes ~ 130g each. Blended
chili and tomato, strained. Boiled potatoes and mixed beans and sauce
together.

Got off to a rough start with the 24HHP work and my focus was off all
day. Rotation isn't in the cropper tool and I had a patch for it but
it would take more tests and think there is a better use of time
(error handling, token publishing, e2e tests)

Mariana did her SL after meal. Going to bed now 8:30pm. Wiped from the
day.

<<PRIVATE
35068bec9e9b1e99WcFzD5xMYWOWhQ0nYtvLanr9jShREqoC4PZ5XCO+igp6xa+9WBaeRC7vSh26RqZ8+wPABDt1uRDHqOpf0NNnnGfLs6hFgACWeeprc5s81j9w0BGO4FDI4tAXD+lZDUuR0r1BDJiNkn+9VAHbP2zti0dN4Vj1bfmV+BnKIFExd/rP3OAI+5rxyUcl9qv7L3TkXVVwJO5nP8fGP6VPo0v+ZGlN1itQVQgPN02+Je+/zYIJkJ0r/IiV0J590exmNrtVPRQJzxt7uBb18+CSbb8iCNU4Ec3zjoqEndUKauZI5xGP6n3uOABSfYo5I1yIQGWLaq2HVV06Celx144Vi7AsV8Q9obvnREUgK4MQFtyWzBh6kNMTwVJ9D/tAmIQnrqsNuCe9eB0om3dvn7G/KwShaQS34qfyreAgTCYFmUPG5VrTx87PkcjbjKOnT7ejIizXHbBaLWLAVx/ySzaXGyQjUTbo
PRIVATE
* 01/25/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am. Woke up earlier at 2 or 2:30am from what I thought was
my phone alarm but I guess there was a 4.0 earthquake around that time.

Got upload flow working this morning. Will add better error handling
tomorrow.

Worked on prototype for Friday.

Climbed after work with Mariana. Adding beano to my diet now that I've
been WFPB for the last 6mo.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/24/2023
** Summary

5am wake up, longer to get started today but still on treadmill by
6am. Coconut flour in hot cacao is not good. Got toggle on editor
done, then later in the evening added basic cropper (non-functional)

7am 5x5 which took 50min (bench day). Felt good.

Filled out pitch deck and read the whisper.cpp source. Tomorrow will
focus on a prototye for Friday (from scratch).

Site is looking good.

Lift with Mariana at her lunch break. Dropped off library book and
picked up new one: "Influence". Picked up dollars for yearly goals

Pea soup and rice for dinner.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/23/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am on treadmill by 6am. From 6am to 7:30am, I got a first
pass at 24HourHomepage description. Tomorrow will work on the upload
and purchase components.

Call with Dad at 7:30am. Been a while, good to talk with him. They
drove back up to Oregon last Friday.

Standup at 9am, we discussed the studio model. Worked on pitch today
and getting cpp lambda.

Climbing gym with Mariana at 7pm.

Bed now, 10:15pm.

<<PRIVATE
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
<<PRIVATE
e6dafa8d7773ab9fvkKRLjxmxPUCc4JocdkOns2i+6cNav2Mi73kMpTA0QTqsEANz6sQcUGSHzqMd92EFDso/2Dn0f8Hc5WAGS/2QTGFoapFdWZmEFQY8eEVJ1YtdJGYyAe+spmK2W0Z2BdicoDxz4cIvq/TSR2116CMwUn7qcm81HMIwytgTFACPrOPr4Yy+3h1OBePk+maCQQPW6n7ZqN55Y1TggkKYR20tMEBHO1Pcoq/On0zPxJPwMCl9eB1TfjcS90W3xpSZfS70ttn6xmKx4oT4El5plhvrs7WaBjU/ebYlD8LKu8xbNL61ZS83ED9oxboBUD577HauDpwgNJVX5LF7YspbvYIj1nxhXXDFQxDW8oFAfp5YXwlglECSBtR88IqHGkyF1H0dJZd1nnm4WFNgUs5bV5s7NYRkN2EIuIoIx9yU0c/b52TnQ9IZpz1ip8amkEIiJ1urgxS4J7W4udIrnkTwE/SrU40
PRIVATE
* 01/19/2023
** Summary

Woke up by 5am. Checked that the homeless man took his
phone. Treadmill by 6am, left for VW service by 7:15am. Transmission
light on. Leaving with service team.

Home by 8am, walked Leche and made her egg with cheese so she would
have something in her stomach before medicine. Mariana took train to
work.

Ran through our crazy 8s exercise with the team. Asked Wolfram to
deploy API while I finished the Codepush problem. Got it to a workable
state I think. Will promote staging to production tomorrow morning.

We need to focus on distrubtion and a niche we can expand.

Played with Leche in the house. She can fetch the tug at the end of
the hallway for 20 or so throws before she starts getting winded and
just wants to play tug of war.

Homeless man got arrested across the street from us today. At least I
think it was him. Police picked had him in cuffs pretty quickly and
took him away.

Picked up Mariana from work. On the way there, she called and asked to
pick her up at Whole Foods near her work. No loading zones in front so
drove around the corner. Still not a loading zone. She ran and hopped
in.

Back home, I made another cheesy egg for Leche and went to bed to read
and write this. Read Nikita's thread on launching and growing consumer
apps. We should steal the playbook, particularly the hook mentioned in
here:

https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/ryanmac/facebooks-teens-tbh-psychological-trick-memo

and lots of ideas here:

https://twitter.com/nikitabier/status/1481118406749220868

Going to read more of To Sell Is Human before bed.

<<PRIVATE
5b3d51285210b92amxsaLDVc+gEjWtk6jXypikIvN8E5F8bmgDYFr46RaDC6nL9mg4tsKK2E5y06oELx6j9OlZmgwr/0pBpIrwHg3FwcxuhGkgGJ8b/1d6pqramw3nBAp1y1KdpCRfJItR8Uv7MqRKzC+J32T9KvrOljJHLo4VHH8tnpMk+kbnspV9eUMnMXg0qK6rpj1DlhdLZuRnwEKG0mnue9xYxT1au21GET7/yoPTJuyjMxpIClbJAYuyola9n5rJLAm2Ens1b9qF/prnRkXW37
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
ae29e7f64fdf8057pM8wlVB1000FzQI6UQndGogI+FHcy9HcOPPw/DjlC0la/WHvIB2RERlSy6e66W+14W4StDAJ25iaumj0Y2taiJo0cRYPln8uGK7okSrLHBW7eEPJHpeGuS9hIMDa9Rpp0GjVhfkhGZDLREHHiW0CqIM5g4+fGCZBv3s8/mIL4RdDhYQAlH2g9SjfgSF0Si5Za9W/s+hLQ0bQ/Mk/3GGr05V2vfiINBJx+TxM14SpB7FEN0EBkFsvkAzsQv05bbJcwyHd/Dw2FJ8wK0kbTyHSpR+udYUG93+c9hvLiezygZ6sSe7jKvaHyGC+I0Ngo31CtYHo5wGrpM8Mr7g5AOk=
PRIVATE
* 01/18/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5:30am and was on treadmill by 6:00am with focusmate at
6:15am. Got the components for UDF working but some syntax error
combining them. Had to stop to take Leche for walk before standup

3 hour meeting talking about apps.

On lunch break, went to fabric store with Mariana for bench
fabric. VW's transmission light turned on. Uh oh. Taking it into
service tomorrow.

SL 5x5 in the morning. Mariana did her SL after work. Booked the
hotels for honeymoon.

Homeless man in neighborhood charged his phone on our outlet exposed
on the wall. Leche alerted me of the man who was by our living room
window, sneaking down. He fled and hid his eyes but I calmly
approached him and asked him not to do that again. Said I understand
its hard to find places to charge and that he can charge until his
phone is full but we can't have him sneaking on our property day or
night and scaring our house. Said if he saw me out of the house some
other day, he could ask me if its okay but not to sneak or knock on
the house door. He seemed understanding but also really anxious. Name
was Joshua.

Read more of "To Sell is Human" after work.

Browsed twitter for an hour before typing this. Good to decompress but
felt mindless feeding.

Bed time. Waking up earlier so I can have time to work before dropping
of VW

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/17/2023
** Summary
05:30am          -- woke up
05:30am-06:30am  -- wasted time on youtube videos, unstructured. made hot cacao
06:30am-07:45am  -- on treadmill reading fauna documentation, prototype UDF

07:45am-08:10am  -- walking Leche up hill, late for meeting with Albert,
                    run with Leche home. good exercise and Lehe loved it
09:00am-09:30am  -- standup
10:00am-10:15am  -- call with charles about flashing updates
10:15am-11:00am  -- read codepush docs

11:00am-12:00pm  -- clone ios schema before realizing can configure dev app to
                    point to new codepush deployment so try that.
12:00pm-13:00pm  -- lunch, truck guy cancels

13:00pm-17:00pm  -- attempt to get codepush events logged with several
                    dozen mandatory builds pushed. path forward is to
                    use the getMetaData* API and manually check on app
                    foreground. if stale or pending, show splash
17:00pm-17:00pm  -- Leche for evening walk
17:30pm-18:00pm  -- made veggie soup
18:15pm-19:00pm  -- Mariana home, looked at honeymoon places, eat dinner
19:00pm-19:20pm  -- Walk Mariana to studio, long walk with Leche home

19:20pm-21:20pm  -- read two articles i tabbed, read more of "To Sell
                    is Human", throught Leche's tug up and down the hall 12 times
21:20pm-21:30pm  -- Pick up Mariana with Leche

21:35pm-21:45pm  -- start getting ready for bed, Mariana wants cereal so we
                    walk to 7/11. think we see elle & sam leaving for hospital
                    but not them. i thought Mariana was going to run into the
                    middle of the street to stop them because she was so excited
21:45pm-22:15pm  -- in bed writing this, read more of Pink's book


Tomorrow, I won't waste time on youtube as i wake up. Goal is to
either be lifting or starting the UDF problem by 6am. Prototype should
be in a good place before work


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/16/2023
** Summary
Had the day off (MLK day) and slept in until 8am as we had stayed up
watching "Triangle of Sadness". I fell asleep mid movie, largely
because I'm waking up early but also because it was comfortable on the
couch.

Slow start to the morning. Read more of "To Sell Is Human" then did SL
5x5 and played with Leche before starting side project work. Narrowing
in on the update call. File uploads done. More tomorrow morning.

Had a last minute buyer interested in the truck. Met him at 4:30pm at
the Chase Bank to let him take it for a test drive. He seems really
interested in the truck. Still, I told someone else on CL I would show
it to them tomorrow at 2pm. They asked if I could do earlier so I
might do 1pm, but they didn't reply.

Climbed with Mariana at 7pm then watched her while she did 5x5 once
home.

Bed time. In the morning I'll work on a UDF.

* 01/15/2023
* 01/14/2023
* 01/13/2023
<<PRIVATE
5acc97553aaa3f2e2Ku2j2oJL2X+judpVR6W4PLFKDlP2z0O9ql/N+m2eWa7pv6sR5pcZJD0YALWLzAG6gY7cIuQjOM92P/fdqCeA9wUGbo09CfbZxy7It0UQeVQRvkYch99dic5DZ2z2dp4F5QQ0ZNJzkcfawlulGiHpDPfxFRUOnlBu27m3rkVQOwoY04ZuwoelFY4VUt++SY2aaUWN5aUHY+qFoBKA3Hdl9YyJ56UmChz+egyR+oN6Npgo48OkoV8GaumcYzgFbjhqyB5j6rjEHQWfg1FWWHBlWUJytzXflHEthOuqb+5k3TccbTdW4DxoQLoiJS3EngTi6wofQOW5g/w+aNlnUIqNVaxzjAREXnJ/+QysXQ8eYt4OhhYMsxOoLX4K+IzIO1IkEfrIIOrg+YiHxsxxdDUTvxGy2Ay9A==
PRIVATE
* 01/12/2023
** Summary

Good day. Woke up early. Started unit testing before work. Had good
sessions with focusmate.

Synced with James. Was almost too short a meeting but got to good
stuff eventually. Sized the tickets in the backlog. New process will
be to have a "ready for engineering" label/step. Clearer product
direction is best. Maybe "one and done" type products. Just a bunch of
them.

Synced with Billy. Lots to talk about. Creative studio, rewarding
engineers, MSCHF founder meetup, respondant.io research interviews.

Through the ball with Leche after work. A lot of walks with her
today. Trader Joes groceries pretty cheap. $85 for the week. Bought
our water too.

Stronglifted at 7am. Chest should be good focus for the year.

Bed time


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/11/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5:30am, hot cacao and read news. On treadmill by 6:30am and
started pricing models for FaunaDB.

Finished the NewFeature modal, synced with Wolfram. Closed the twilio
ticket. Threw ball with Leche, ate mushroom soup leftover. Read "To
Sell is Human". Climbed with Mariana after work. Four small bean
burritos after climbing.

Reading then bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/10/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5:30am, standing desk by 6:30am with cloudflare testing.

Rain stopped enough by 7:30am that I could go do a stronglift
5x5. Continued raining (medium-heavy) throughout the workout. Good way
to wake up though.

Finished the v0 personalization work. Made a mushroom, potato soup.

Maintenance workers fixed the doors and the fireplace (flume got
closed somehow...no idea).

Bed
<<PRIVATE
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
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Came back to chat with Mariana, Maru and Maru's neighbor Carmen and
her daughter Diana. Osbaldo came over later and we chat for a bit. He
joined Sup where he goes by "luigisbaldo" because his first name is
actually "Luis" and he likes Luigi from Mario. Several other
discoveries this weekend: Marcella's full name is Diana Marcella and
Julieta's full name is Marta Julieta. Both go by their hyphenated
middle name!

Drove back to LA and was home by 5pm, just before sundown. Took only
2h20min to get here. Great.

At Maru's soup and added quinoa and lentils to it. Made a big bowl of
popcorn and watch "The Menu" with Mariana. Bed time.

* 01/07/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 01/06/2023

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/05/2023
** Summary
Long day. Drove to TJ after work (north star talks, API changes for
silent public feed options)

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/04/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5:30am. Wasted a whole hour in zombie mode on phone before
making hot cocoa and deploying a demo svelte site on cloudflare
pages. Did SL 5x5 workout at 7:30am, protein shake after. It was
slightly raining but not too bad. Will double up and do another lift
tomorrow since I'll be away from the set

Longer north star chat today. Some tipping points for the
team. Converging on two types.

CircleCI issue. Partial work on the no sound API.

Stopping work at 5pm sharp is a great practice.

Bed

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/03/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5:30am. Watched a 20min video on dragon flies while in
zombie wake up mode. Before 6pm, I made hot cocoa then went to office
to walk and finish the sveltekit tutorial.

Today chat product goals with team. Investigated twilio issue (DDOS)
and put patch up for "maitenance mode" updated designs.

Went to Sprouts for some basic groceries. Walked Mariana to her
pottery class and picked her up at 9. Played with Leche inside the
house today since it was raining most of the day.

Recorded my pushups later in the day. Did 200+ (100 in the morning
100+ in evening). My form is terrible! Only noticed this with
recording. Need my hips to stay up when i get toward the higher reps.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/02/2023
** Summary

Woke up and did SL 5x5 workout after making hot cacao for
breakfast. Protein shake after. Mixed in pushups. Could have done more
with chest exercise. Mixed in ring rows with BB rows.

Mariana slept in late because Leche woke her up to go outside last
night. Call at 1pm with Bree about 2023 goals. Leche vet for vaccine
boosters at 4pm.

<<PRIVATE
17248f69e5bfd36f
PRIVATE

Booked cabin for our 1 year anniversary. Need to plan hikes, gift and
dinner.

Tomorrow, we meet to discuss "north star" for the team again.

<<PRIVATE
17248f69e5bfd36f
PRIVATE
* 01/01/2023
** Summary
Good day, slept in. Wrote 2022 retrospective, ate beans and rice,
watched a movie with Mariana who fell asleep.
