* 12/30/2022
** Summary
Good day. Wrote 2022 goals review.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/29/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am, made coffee. Retro and sprint planning until
10:30am. Leche on a walk after. Mariana took two naps because of
headache post surgery.

API work for follows/followers. Waveform bug, twilio 10DLC inquery.

StrongLifts workout at lunch with push ups and dumbell flys. Trimmed
beard and in the evening drafted a quick retro spective of 2022. Lots
more to fill out, draft isn't complete. Will be published soon though.

Watched 'Bardo', Inaritu's new film, with Mariana. Long but
entertaining. Felt like Tree of Life and Knight of Cups at times.

Walked around the block with Mariana, Leche, Sam, Elle and Ziggy.

Talked with Mariana about Leche's hotspot and solutions.

Bed

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/28/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am today and made coffee. Took Mariana to her dental
surgery and worked from Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf around the corner
(found an old gift card). Had oatmeal there.

Picked up Mariana about 2 hours later then took her to CVS to pick up
her antibiotic prescription. Instructions from doc were to check on
her sleep so that she didn't obstruct her airway due to the sedative
still lingering for a few hours. Dug out the neckbrace from the garage
for her to wear.

Had chat with Chase about 2023 goals. I'm still defining mine. Will
get there. Still need to write my year in review.

Leche didn't want to go on her second walk until much later in the
evening. She got some left over chinese food meat (washed off) and
Mariana ate soup I picked up from Whole Foods. She's on a liquid only
diet for the next 3 days, then mushy-only diet.

Watched Glass Onion (the Knives Out sequel) together. Thoroughly
enjoyed it. Popcorn mystery.



<<PRIVATE
6fa8bec411c52ffbokJ9u6/loZsmp/0wmTcWljzJn1xQ3bTaiS6ZaLiwaIXkkSp6hQVCfwhNsO0q3Um/BACcRRn+miZh+lvU1FBc3ssGUfHNlApfEzgJXu3OBMUfcxah36QfuvjUAcXEYVOYb9d8c3M4DFEXmsu01YXOQrEpJp5PGgze5P2Ps0R2xM41xC6iq1Fq3YeElAgjNbwoa/NYaA5oRTQqV17q1FBaDbMwCTE48JEtpb0SV8jC8D9tsIT/RKJFxvGumOb0s2yLoOz/1+7PLLI0l/8AK9S8lAOsYSbT+1if1XKZt3c+tmT23Bu3aGE4wRreMi//PG/eJW3jfjmlftSzohijLnJaTAuEcRGDondpug7vXcVa2l1ttC6Qdf4qDflCkqVEfPUfj63pzrteWCq7WnjDPq1u2+xY0y8A2pG+A0War/IkmxGoxxOsEAjguTjOF7WcLF0HcscuMSRuEFPBg2JkZ8miW3zqNwxvXJf2EK7j8FNGoQiUmQVqM93mp5ez4XJKYqme0vKqm0/zsWnjwUkkubhgeKmE5HVstJu8G2oLm22RlIA8RsQT0jzsNlr8aohBFzd81kzYjaMB+k6QUJVi0zwZwp0glnGfQF/QkKSPokKfgkANeMOvluBUrdCJV7DoDYhpyaFIVxRfdLcNbyL78QUx4/tGO8X2Ub0iAu6D4tIPL84YJ8+lqX5k35ApFEhqx8etpraAhz6FyIbRbLHtnzG3wEVcSvkj2kRfXX0JC9pFon/ag/MH0tQ6UntPzZESOFvKyzD2b6y9RxJ3Axkifxk0tx349FMlVlVImT1FNpzMAGPMblzF3Pz+s3GfXZvQRYtjI7gZSLW9wTW798P/Owngfg68mHzhE4c259pGEGAyJVodBS31AKmMe38DxeY2KmROL68DuzT+wyElPwoB9xD9BaXcxe1KQ5Pv2tSjBy7RwohIPZoa+W3JGVEB27TAhnqNm0M0agVf6kD65yckJgZKcKRUWEYqHJa9COVA+MKMRpJx4B4JJS943ezM5h8R9y4GrG48uxvHLNa/frELndJkQJ0Fbx2IM+H++8S+Zk08ezzsDyidSH8Zgk7PQAi+R1BDVPQy4lFAZrytnCzIMEWIourWrvzgugIY5672uBX2fkFjTsn4P86Zcqqf4czkf0ZuAWB2Abn1/EAD2Qdp4yXJ1l4j88et8T6I+uQZIo/xOSnlT3lag1CciYxuyL/4e0TT99x7VERqBtKBpwgJeanUbK2Hg3QBxvIOfEqXOFqCK9gg0esFV4a0C8K5BEqLdS/uUAxz/ArixpNsSYcnJ1OWckfmciYTL0ugBUSv/3H4BCbncn6f04XINJhkwCQNZGeMksZVXY7ixzhkmwxX+WsGJE8FZAa+sjhbOh5v2y+krV4pkUBY2MceQae0kHmLt8rHMpncgpWzBgfaeKlMDH+XmMkK4r1FQ0PLS7IcU9+sD5dVbYbdoeNlbyEXeQuw4HNJPufWxbKucjs=
PRIVATE
* 12/27/2022
** Summary

Back in LA last night. Left TJ at 4:30pm right before sunset and home
before 8pm after stopping for panda express in Chula Vista. Had
brocoli + some beyond meat chicken product. Why don't they just serve
tofu? Maybe a stipulation of the Beyond Meat contract?

Discussed the product future with the team today. Ordered Chinese food
and watched The Woman King with Mariana.

Strong lift workout during a 30min lunch break. Really efficient, felt
great.

Tomorrow, Mariana has dental surgery. I'll drop her off, work from
cafe, pick her up, take her home. Retro is on Thursday.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/26/2022
* 12/25/2022
* 12/24/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/23/2022

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/22/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/21/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and walked with Leche for coffee. Home by
standup. Published kcrw Sup then paired with James for about 2 hours
on primer push notifications. The issue was that testflight must be in
Release configuration and so the device ids it generates are in the
production APNs env. Two FE changes are necessary to fix local development.

Fixed two cosmetic issues and added an analytics endpoint for us.

Almost at the end of the year. Need to take an hour or so on my
birthday and email friends family about next year's goals and the year
in review.

Tomorrow climbing in the morning. Even if this Elderberry + Poppy
syrup is strong. No excuses.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/20/2022
** Summary

Today the team and I focused on product direction and vision in an
exercise. We'll be talking about it for a while. I hope it hasn't
derailed our engineering momentum. We still have lots to make this
product better (including its voice and our direction) without
throwing the baby out with the bath water.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
3cec83be5c91fc8cnEmWa5PXHruWc1SxDgMc5MKiG0H7DsQ04kEPd5igyVMX1dKUsUDsZta8/bDShpBd27mQarOl6PRdUSh3cUWGx7F2/bC6hotyl1c3O6xkXIXOYLghSEXsZqQjlpQ46LTsohuHfo7jD02kyTvcHembSri+Lqfrp60V7r2qM0XrcmJUin6mmrLp9NhH/mCg79f8a1MNSH3h4GNTnVvFZ4gXCx5Bek+q8X7BEMmmHRAitopYde5IsGS3o7j/MrSK1kfxOxqOFivcZAFTeDmF2ngLASxIQtCsGE3W6jbUYu/XifcthhK43/4s6LEKpE9c3x76ug5NPWxdPiu3q9b4uX1U78L84U50E9ArKZIoXfvdJyf+hszP+CCrKeL2ow7RumKnV+ZnwVIh20kX8hCZVYSXG6RTZIGFHIdcsRfMtULrcKtp3LeMLFq7jwy9EvujB1AEfBlsDtG6kzILCe/V28eXuFFCzlj8asmzOiqeRkVOTBvPmSLK1UCNO0wLemxIrxMeiBNELXWk75iJZp1wcZELOJNcdrb5DonLPF6LkvKMs54V0NJ8A5//RsUlDR+Jw6gxIdGMAVDyBvB1eIKeRxrnbbcLhfJ/xoNBI6ejg4m28mIZ7ygCTLs03/xS0TtoQQOkVhKo1Ipnncd0c0e2TvTeeRr4lQZJkL0BYQ5gQcfchItoxRpvqDf+6+LHpKG5LDKET9ha/3HStxSUGkFZuJB6TbvDM9y2lyrMOjSS8OzoNyxa/huqXdxcFpAUOHeM12jUwYwwIk9QGIgOWj8lkqCIy8BOvptBZzzgG1ZvIpbKFsiOKB4hGPmYk1aOc4hVpnKqTdxr75vXDLvYIKmyCTIW+WXmMHUsPkxKOhhgpLdPdMtyulycaGAnxl+og2vphZAbK/YhyK8gcps5HM+odK86QgqsHbEzJHYx5jz2PQwyVgwTsFeCrGYGfdM+VrNuvOFv21QSZeLQ0kvz7KUk0wD5/3fZEotC96bDMZG6QkwOx7HM+Xu3xC2enMZB3Wwqfw/l4B+LCdwiBnjS1/cWYNsJKCismyl5yjcBNuSOeesGHBcNuVcl32MJ8vhHg5Cfw+xZ9EEpc5uM5NwsdOohaPaBWCKYFdXogcXWKBIfKFFwjLJQDHaOBBevCpBwdnWz9/r4tA/E/kv/ti/5Xrl4MWwFGCReJv3FQxzvN+Kd2jyoEmKnTdJx4goVi7iJSefKBDQefyHKcWe6tAc481wUQDTb4si8REL8hsFC04N4/Z2ZTuJEw3z+Tzo1o5iEi863h5teMAlcoYd6uVRGer1Ifmpen1gXkpnXP1EeDxjaxH6MemNE8/cVrWTTiEDRNSxom98RyN2xUX7lutqrGeMv3yGDjizR2bEnvihmJmjRyzKOo46o3fvr3+Tz9g7aLPxIVwxME5XordIJNsPeb86X6rBqVSc0Y9f5WMpYt44Lp+Repq05uPImiElByiHkuQi28PmdhUe7/4//bbsqL2USDBolVeNlISG79maDv5mzwN6wBsQ4sMaEmzCWp7lVEgyHTChc1OUxroED4oyD/+vNvHhlxnbkRzwYp6FaYbS9/rFxDvp5s4UG5zcugSGZjSh7ZvwhTfsTJrc2W4thZrfu9nUD3pN13eDeCocUHKc3DFRirPHQwUvY3WZseFWqBQT3KR/nNDbFXasgaA1kHFwYtUJ87Gt8h6/ZoAnlAkZd3Zk7gx3YRv7z9AatmUoxIlAlCZ6oE8ZZESBTSerRKYVCMPqt5rLwXdeM194WTF4bfOYdEUB3p9KaNfq+yCgTQT8B+l7rhoEOFwqCqj5aYpdOFD0AdgJp1vqfNIvax4etN1Yhg/c9cAFGt+Aqa9y7s8A4qSHcEMUDRIyjcCYzObW7aYuaVA1i1mACrNnZvDfdaOf00oDIewkhH3JxcMPAa2zIYQuJ/RFHAekTqwguc6jipyhXOFUFOeghfoOoAGp3OQ==
PRIVATE
* 12/19/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and took Leche for a walk. Ran into Sayida and her dog
Superchill. She's going to Thailand for the holidays. She is a
practicing buddhist (SGI USA sect). Apparently Tina Turner was an SGI
buddhist.

Small task polishing today and a push notification routing solution.

Focus tomorrow:
- Can we push android further
- Product direction discussion

Some exericse before the big product discussion.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/18/2022
** Summary

World Cup yesterday. What a great game. Edge of the seat the whole time.

Watched "Three Thousand Years of Longing" with Mariana and thoroughly
enjoyed it. Watched "The Lego Movie" by myself. Loved it. Great laughs.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/17/2022
* 12/16/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am, walked Leche up to starbucks and had
standup/retro/sprint planning from 9-10:20am. Next sprint seems
solid. Fixed codepush deploy via CI, fixed reactions bug for
DMs. Fixed unfurls. Synced with Wolfram on notification history.

Ordered thai for dinner and watched two movies with Mariana.

- Nobody -- a john wick knock off
- Smile -- a knockoff of It Follows but more grotesque (bigger budget)

Both copy cat films, not a fan of either.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
a47561edf8bd58abZH0B1UkyKVsM5boN0aQH+mCiHgo1dWm8snUJtYki9j0eirxhk6utB2m39tW3FtGllEqlNtS0Mj+htAbUUbm26+P5aJqASRR/kpVAHfGoh1efLY/8cUGTOWqmxO7sODcYFgLbOg==
PRIVATE
* 12/15/2022
** Summary

Slept in, no garden work.

Woke up today to the sound of a stranger sending a "happy thursday" on
Sup. Great feeling. Seriously, overjoyed with people using the product
in a positive way. Fight for these use cases.

Walked up to Starbucks with Leche since we received a gift card from
our landlords. Patched bug in DMs APIs. Submitted reimbursements. Chat
with Billy.

Mariana's office party from 6:30pm to 9pm, stayed till 9:45pm. Brought
back dried meat leftovers for Leche. Forgot I put them in my pocket
but Leche smelled them on our walk. We practiced "stay" with them
before a walk around the neighborhood

Tomorrow we end the sprint and plan for next week.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/14/2022
** Summary

Sort of caught up on sleep today but was still wiped from the long day
yesterday. Maybe 24 oz of coffee in total. Coffee with Teja while I
walked Leche.

Deployed DMs APIs and chat with Charles about product vision. I think
we should start curating the public feed. Teach users that there is
benefit for publishing Sups that people want to interact with. Low
grade content is fine for your friends, but we're trying to quality
audio uploads that users engage with.

Engagement is:
- reacting to a Sup they discover
- replying to a Sup they discover
- sending via push notification a Sup they discover

We can encourage this by:
1. Routing push notifications in-app properly
  a. Replies go to replies page
  b. Published sups from the people you follow go to your notifications tab
  c. DMs go to the DM list

2. On the publish screen...
  a. Prompt users with fun post ideas
  b. Prior to publishing, let them know the best Sups will be selected for the front page

3. Celebrate users who post good content
  a. Search -- show top Sup users
  b. Tweet out the best users on Sup
  c. Users who get featured on "best of"
    - get notified of their award
    - get a badge on their profile

Consistency is our train here. Build good features regularly and talk
about those features outside our bubble.

Went bouldering with Mariana after work. Through the ball with Leche
around 5pm before it got too dark. She's a great dog. Gave her lots of
treats for throwing with me. After bouldering, attempted to take Leche
on her night walk but she stopped mid walk and looked back toward the
house. Don't need to force her if she didn't need to go, so we went
back inside.

Bed time. Will do some garden work and cleanup in the morning. Rooting
hormone for cuttings.

<<PRIVATE
bfdaacb98995f6422d1k0pdac59FL1mSEc3N7R79+VmNiwKyrdwiy96KukMsJX71awWgOlDdI6iYIGuGa/tWa0KU5bx0vfNz1DLCEz7GdFkuuf8jXnsW2hgOiKNvAdnsebGTlj5lYysk3dTR4S3BgpqZe0PKc4hose6URFYceWtSZaHxKPUDFVt99x00+TahuMyR3SXjzWJLFwRsq2jUVcdjlWDSxZrflOGB66jHjNrONyyqDT4Vij89K/3wVA8rh5A9YQ==
PRIVATE
* 12/13/2022
** Summary

Long day. We launched sup.audio on Product Hunt. Was awake from until
4:30am DMing friends and strangers on twitter. Positive response from
everyone. People love that it's a "phone hack".

Excited to talk about the origins of product one day, but its more
important to focus on the narrative of growing the product. Loads of
uploads (good, bad and random) and hoping people get a narrative feel
for how they would use the public spaces version of it.

Teja apparently moved into the neighborhood. A 5min walk from the
house. What a small world. Will be cool to have him near by. Grabbing
coffee with him tomorrow.

Super tired now. Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/12/2022
<<PRIVATE
df07c88c372c2dccztR9sKLkdSmkDMx2i12EEeJ2fXeVb8wUdJeyNlT/a4nn0WcV/FMWese5wjPF96gKy/YlUL1b7TZfBpPynFahG6QaxW3ecV0I4P5euLNa4R2USIvD4tqGMh+Q+W+d3thwI9kUIMkhwkb2FO25i2GS2Y6XOXdGG8Oh4uK9g+WEH3qJBMx4lOml/u6EO7IWLcZVe8ovcf4DoklbNYnmDBCmyoZF4vX3E4FRr6vGz8WE0QeGOJLLn3bIsNXMzDoqlb6VHZDGuNi42fUDZRQF1qgZibOzMtu1M/uvVthNAsJDeRGNsPlKBgaQ3Ea1Q69xMogzRvd87tJqVL9O3QsBcED3fNv+FH0igI8N
PRIVATE
* 12/11/2022
** me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] climb and breakfast / lunch with mariana
** tt
- [ ] Goal video
  - [ ] "When your team scores in the World Cup..."
  - [ ] "...taunt your friends with custom sound effects"
  - [ ] recording me watching the game
  - [ ] recording



eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.KJPkz6jS1XNXRrzU6L_qUKLJwnnMDvqwrpgOgaI3xDo


juke=> select sup_id, message, published_at from sups where user_id = '6826ff53-88c9-4035-982f-d0ec272ea25f' and published_at is not null ORDER BY published_at desc limit 10;
                sup_id                |          message           |        published_at
--------------------------------------+----------------------------+----------------------------
 2e30e419-fa09-4364-b340-fff64910903e | 👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋                | 2022-12-11 23:16:20.016+00
 8201a92e-e5f6-4ca6-abe0-601fc9e98be3 | 🥈                          | 2022-12-11 23:14:55.073+00
 60db03bc-6191-49f6-b740-9b6e1de1b5e0 | 🥅🥅🥅🥅🥅🥅🥅🥅                   | 2022-12-11 23:13:41.461+00
 c6c2dcb5-b4bc-47c2-a553-cefc63501489 | 😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜                   | 2022-12-11 23:10:54.79+00
 e85bd9a2-a2d9-4dc8-8dfc-15a715d50934 | ⚽️🤣⚽️🤣⚽️🤣                     | 2022-12-11 23:09:33.511+00
 327aca8f-1a8a-484a-81ea-09a72f08e039 | ⚽️                          | 2022-12-11 23:08:05.504+00
 08b8db81-3ceb-4641-963f-08459b54fea5 | GOOoooOOooooOOAAAAAAALLLL! | 2022-12-11 23:06:24.93+00
 0763fb8a-a84e-47f4-974b-f73dd7fdfff2 | Gooooooooooooal!           | 2022-12-11 23:05:37.067+00
 7783be9c-5616-45f2-9acc-4972a76ba475 | GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAL 😜  | 2022-12-11 23:01:23.264+00

* 12/09/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:00 and walked to starbucks. Coffee for me, cappuccino for
Mariana while she watched the world cup game. Leche got up later and
gave a face because I didn't take her with me. We went for a walk. One
avocado and two pieces of bread for breakfast.

Sprint retro and Sprint planning from 9am-11am. Good talk, though I
think I have diahreah of the mouth sometimes. Just let things be said
with out bookending them for the team. Still, great energy in the
review and chatter for next week's goals.

Codepush update and got the app in the app store

Went to Venice to record the tiktok video. $150 for the camera man, $9
for the poster, $15 for parking, $125 for the footage (most we $5
shots, one was $15 extra because he got a yelling competition going,
another was $20 because he convinced his 4 of his friends to join)

Good vibes mostly but got a bit miffed with the competition
promise. Venice is always hustling.

Came home, took Leche for a short walk and went to gym. Was 5min late
for acroyoga because we didn't plan for large traffic on the 10
E. Climbed instead. Did all most of the runs I got stuck on in the
past. Still stuck on the pink negative one near the front. I think
lots of heel hooks to get started.

Went to Vons to pick up cereal and beans. Watched Pinnochi (Guiermo
Del Toro's) with Marian but I got tired and came in to bed to type
notes and sleep.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/08/2022
** Summary
Long day and I'm tired so here are the touch points.

Woke up at 7:45am and made decafe coffee. Protein shake with it
too...didn't work. Walked to starbucks with Leche after standup. Focus
was to get our replies release out.

Divided the known bugs with James, Wolfram and me. APIs were live on
prod by 2:30pm. A few bugs slipped in at the last minute. Staging
codepush was not registering the remote builds. I suspect we
misconfigured the staging testflight build but we'll see tomorrow.

Reached out to Andre Hu (Moti's bf) who connected me to a camerman for
tomorrow. Going to shoot a tiktok video of people yelling
"GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAL" as long as they can. Need to study some of the
best ones before going out there. We'll give people $5 for saying
goal. 35 people max

Went to Staples to pick up a board to write the TBD wording to grab
people's attention at Venice tomorrow. Thinking "Record your best
'Gooooooooal' for $5" with some soccer ball drawn on it or something.

On the way to Staples the truck almost didn't start. It had been in
the garage for maybe a month with no driving. Oops. Earlier today I
scheduled the oil change on vw for saturday morning. Later on Saturday
showing trailer to some guy on CL.

Billy found bug in mobile build and put up testflight build. Will get
the new build out after retro and sprint planning. The rest of the
morning will be setting up for the video which starts at 2pm (will be
down there by 1:30 or so)

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/07/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 7:45am. Lazy. Did not do garden work, walked to starbucks
with Leche. Saw a few dogs on the way back including Superchill.

Focus today was the Reply bugs. Found a solution for one but not
great. James found another. Still one more. Goal is to ship it
tomorrow.

Friday, sprint retro and planning then possibly recording tiktok video.

Went bouldering with Mariana and her friend Corey from kickball. Went
on walk with Leche when we got back. Invited some neighbors to join us
on the climb next week.

Tomorrow morning I'm going to plant the last sapote, start seeding the
lemon seeds in paper towel, repot the blueberry bush, harvest the
lemons and limes, prune the lemon and lime trees, repot the lemon and
lime trees. If time, i'll repot some of the indoor plants too. A bit
of epsom salt when I trim any root bound plants

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/06/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7am. Warmed up body with leg kicks, high knees then push
ups. Coffee from Naoums. Mariana had dentist appointment today.

Uploaded some template Sups, started work on direct messaging, pitched idea for ad.

Will formalize that idea tomorrow.

Tofu + cauliflower over rice with peas for lunch. Farmers market for
fruit and greens then dinner with Simon at Mexican burrito place
around the corner from the farmer's market.

Picked up Mariana from her pottery class. Mindlessly watched some
youtube before writing this.

Meditation then bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/05/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 6:30am today. Drove to Starbucks to finish the gift card
and went to anawalt lumber to pickup a bag of perlite for the
remaining garden work. Came home, finished the coffee and did 100 air
squats and 100 pushups before going inside to shower.

Standup then walk with Leche. Albert was out today so we didn't get
the Replies work on a shared branch. Aiming for tomorrow. Went
bouldering with Mariana after work. Felt great. We hung on the finger
ladder and did hand/headstands before going. I was try to use the wall
as hand stand tool but did summersault tumbles accidentally
instead. Mariana got a good laugh out of it. A few not so graceful
climbs a handful of V3s including that tall blue one in the cafe I
didn't get last time. Felt good, got spooky towards the top

Tomorrow I'm waking up early to mix some soil with perlite into the
containers. Hoping to repot the blue berry bush too. Lunch with
Mariana, washing Leche at 5pm, then farmers market dinner with Simon.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 12/04/2022
** Summary
Drove back from TJ today. Had a surprisingly long talk about will
management. Mariana raised some issues with me a few weeks ago and I
was naturally curious to learn more.

We were on the road by 3pm and there was still light. Stopped off at
subway to get a veggie sandwich, mariana went to Panda Express next
door for her dinner.

It's nice to have Leche back in the house.

* 12/03/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:15am to watch the USA vs Netherlands game. USA lost but
played well. Leche got protective and excited whenever I would yell in
support of the game.

Did some wireframing for personal project. Watch Tango while Mariana
and Maru went for haircut. Played with the dogs outside. Picked up
flour tortillas and starbucks before they left for haircut.

Went for tea with Maru later in the evening. Planned to go to see The
Menu with Mariana and the theater but we stayed in and watched Bullet
Train instead.

The wireframes are looking good. A few more wireframes to nail before
implementation details (API tests)

<<PRIVATE
a729d4a92175abafLFR+ZtfVSz4PAgkMTzPehLuy5fuz683CIVyHV7+bFUAp9FRALOthzYpIMPLdEcV6
PRIVATE
* 12/02/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:00am and ran around the neighborhood in Playas. Pushups
after. Shower by 7:45am. Walked to Starbucks for coffee, back by
9am. Integrated replies APIs to frontend, wrote DMs spec.

Ernesto came over in the evening. He's got really into spiritual stuff
it sounds like. Some good chats over tea with Mariana and him.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 12/01/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6am and was out the door for morning run by 6:15am. Ran
down Exposition blvd and back up the hill toward the Starbucks where I
got a morning coffee. 1.9 miles in total. Did pushups back at house
and sized up the garden work to do.

Since we've been in the house in LA we've had a fairly substantial
potted garden. Mariana and I built a garden box out of wood (about 1'
x 1.5' x 4'). Along with some other boxes we had quite a lot of
soil. It had been about two years since we'd turned any of it or
amended any of it with anything but water, some liquid fertalizer or
compost scraps. All that is to say the dirt had gotten very
compacted. Standing water in the blue berry bucket. No wonder it looks
so unhealthy.

So I set about moving lots of dirt. Filled buckets and moved them to
the front of the house underneath our two big trees on the
lawn. Desert Willow is what some app says they are. Not sure it ID'd
them properly though. Moved Mariana's lime tree to the front near her
lemon tree too. Those are due for a repotting too but I'll wait until
we harvest the dozen or so lemons. Will start using them in cooking
this month.

Raised the steel bucket that has the wild parsley growing in it. Hosed
the cement down in preparation for moving them all next week. I'll buy
some more perlite to amend the buckets with. Once settled, the steel
bucket will be for herbs, pots for small trees, two small wood boxes
for hard wood cuttings and for seeds (lemon and bell pepper, both our
old harvest).

Design review with Charles today. We have a good idea for how to make
a viral side-project for Sup. Goal is to get it out and marketed
before the end of the World Cup. Fixed the "sausage waveform" problem.

Packed for TJ and drove down at 7pm. Pasta Sisters for dinner with
Mariana. $70 including delivery and tip. Easy to see how all income
can be spent on dining out. It adds up quickly. Not splurging, that's
for sure, but not great that our lack of planning is so easily
rewarded. Good to always have quick meals on-hand. Maybe that's what
ramen is for us?

Arrived in TJ around 9:30pm. Mariana entered the house first in order
to call Leche and have her say hello all by herself. I gave her a some
time before creeping in and exclaiming "Leche!?". She heard that,
paused and came running with joy. She wouldn't stop licking us for 5
solid minutes and was joyous for the rest of the evening. She's
relaxing now at the foot of the bed now that its bed time. Mariana is
chisme con su Mama.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
018060cb98a5b8d4CvMC4T598fWwWcjA+E472epRkXsKhYcdEPCruf96OlL1k4bvDU96aq7MZk932gGsiOQEVjgXM0UVISjlvMYBSRL/YItFOI030ho2uN8LsytYVbM+azc6EZkwp8e116Reet1MAfMix0zOVIrD98AUWZ1mVGi9EmOY2N+C3JFT1Wet51CiX7mXJv1hwYxr4f44Z9nKMRNi3TEb9DqoV8TLOWdoPKU1aH3WuhYudqZhA8pV5Dw/CMo/xjB5R/prGp65q1agJC0OfcXQKVnbiKVgowJ8J1GTLEu3QO8AYKWfa07y3LE0W3yyMPBzcqOjk6m4viAO4+Xb8k7qyNC1s4CSo1mK+qGvAyhBiYvbRymYSp+vS8mhjYDxDrQwXEA2mqgPD3LVrH6SdCKWLWO2ghz8JIV+/YRRynpz1Z3dwt0uzkLrCqNYGBK4HUi02yGksWJmJFTMnuVyKgJofL0IGwX2gP7p/fgeHevjCWcopLEd5Kr3kOEXCOsdcF6A86JZqmYT0mBHQ8zKhTAHajdgRySWJ1ziNVRuppg1U7qmwGlnd5jr/81E/y4tBaw9c1XKole/ovyiiVxhiJyNTq6WnUFjZxjifks=
PRIVATE

* 11/30/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6am and went drove to Anawalt lumber for rooting powder
and a ceramic/glass drill bit. Originally planned to go to climbing
gym first but figured there wasn't enough time to do the garden work
and workout before work. Ordered a coffee from starbucks.

Came home and did an index of the work to be done. Drilled holes into
some small pots Mariana made that she was going to throw away. Took
about 5 minutes per pot. Repotted the jade tree plants into one big
pot and a few into the small pot I drilled hole into.

Standup at 9am, deployed 1.6.0 for the team. Design review of DM
system. Debug thewoicstoic crash issue. Client-side.

Made vegan pesto (substitute nutritional yeast for cheese) and
pasta. Mariana didn't want to climb so we stayed and watched a short
documentary on FIFA.

I vegged out for the last hour on youtube watching various bonsai
videos. The garden will look great when done. It'll be significantly
simpler after this work. Took apart the box Mariana and I
built. Moving the steel raised bed to the end of yard. Moving the lime
tree to the front of the house. Repotting the lemon tree and pruning
both citrus.

We leave for TJ tomorrow to pick up Leche. Coming back on Sunday I
think.

Waking up early for a short run and stone exercise before doing the
citrus garden work. There is a lot of extra soil. Will keep it to the
left and right of the steel bin near the fence. Steel bin will be
exclusively for culinary herbs now. All of the soil could use some
tilling. Possibly mix in some perlite and maybe new compost.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/29/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 6am and went climb at 6:30am. Got to gym by 6:45am and
stayed until 7:30am. Did a few V3s (two I think) but got tired on on a
few others (the new blue one in the cave overhang).

Coffee at starbucks after before heading home. Oatmeal shake for
breakfast. Picked up water and groceries during lunch. Added support
for topReply. Will deploy tomorrow.

Going to bed. Thinkin about bonsai

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/28/2022
** Summary
Flew back from PA today. Picked up Megabus in the middle of nowhere PA
and arrived in Philly by 11:30am. Had lunch at the Reading
Market. Walked around with Mariana and found an ice skating rink
downtown. Skated for about half an hour before picking up our bags (we
dropped them off at a sandwhich restaurant locker) and heading into
the airport.

Flight was smooth. Watched two movies that felt like a waste of my
life (latest Thor movie and "Bodies Bodies Bodies"). I'm exagerating
with the Marvel movie but Bodies was terrible. I imagine it was
written by a 13 yo rich girl or ironically by someone who wanted to
throw in every angsty young person buzzword they could think of. Hello
fellow kids, I'm rich and bored.

Bed time.

* 11/27/2022
* 11/26/2022
* 11/25/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 9:30 or so and took Curie outside with coffee. She didn't
want to play, it was raining a little so she sat under a tree while I
drank my coffee. Eventually we did play by running with her tug
toy. She doesn't tug much, just runs with you while holding the toy.

I did a workout of running back and forth across the property. One
mile by my estimate. Then 100 pushups. Then pushed the cardboard box
collection over near the bonfire pit.

Asked Jason if he wanted me to transplant some of the trees he was
going to uproot and got permission to do whatever I wanted with
them. Free labor for him, fun project for me. I dug up the 21 small
trees by the fence he is going to demolish in spring and moved them
near his duck coop for replanting tomorrow. I may try to turn one into
a bonsai but the rest I'll plant at the edges of his property near the
creek I think. Still watching a video about the tree (Northern White
Cedar).

Watched the end for the USA vs England game with Mariana. Made a lunch
of potato, lentil, spinach, carrot again. Axe throwing competition
with Mariana before it got too dark.

Jason was back by 5:30pm and Curie scared then excited to see her
dad. Cute. We set a fire in his new fire pit for the porch and enjoyed
each other's company though there was a bunch of smoke due to some wet
wood.

Going to bed now while after I watch more about the Northern White
Cedar tree

* 11/24/2022
** Summary

Woke up a few times but go out of bed at 8:45am. Jason made bacon and
eggs. I had four eggs cooked in bacon grease as he is pretty strict
about his keto diet (no oatmeal or grains in the house)

Two big cups of pod coffee and walked and talked with Jason around the
property. Great chat. Mariana woke up at few hours later. Made a fire
near the pond where we cooked her eggs.

Went to a grocery store chain called Giant in the nearby town for food
for the week. Overshot it I think but I hope we can bring back the
stuff we don't eat (canned beans, oatmeal, honey, lentils). The other
stuff should be pretty managable to eat (banana, berries, oranges)

Made a potato, lentil, spinach soup for lunch. Had Thanksgiving dinner
out on the deck at 4 when the sun started to set. Jason got Turkey,
mashed potatoes, sweet potato salad, cauliflower salad, stuffing,
cranberry sauce, salad, green beans and gravy for
dinner. Delicious. Packed it up in small individual meal boxes for the
rest of our time here.

Threw some throwing knives and tomahawks with Mariana against his barn
door target he set up. Helped him setup a smokeless firepit on the
deck. Tought a lot about bonsai today. Walked around the property
looking for little shrubs.

Loaded the dishwasher. Helped Jason fix the sliding barn door and chat
about his work and other home improvement project ideas he has while
he set up his remote work station.

He's got a heck of a lot of fun projects to work on and his home will
really appreciate the hard work and love he puts into it. I hope he
keeps maintains it for many decades.

Going to bed while Mariana watches the last few episodes of
Handmaidens Tale on this computer.

* 11/23/2022
** Summary

Travelled to Danville PA for Thanksgiving today. Flew redeye to Philly
at 11:30pm from LAX, landed in Philly at 7:30am and spent the day
wondering down by the art museum.

We dropped our bags off near the bus station that takes us to Danville
via some app where you store your bags with people/stores in an
area. Spent $15 to have our bags stored.

Had breakfast at Sabrina's Cafe then walked to the Rocky steps. Museum
was closed due to some big wig donor event. Area surrounding the
museum was closed off in preparation for some parade. Wondered a
bit. Mariana almost slept on a bench but I had an to poop and find a
place where we could charge our phones. Even better than a cafe,
portable bathrooms setup for the parade and an outdoor power outlet
the city was using (normally locked but avaible to the event planners)
was exposed. We charged our phones and Mariana took a nap. I did
pushups and fought falling asleep for fear of our stuff getting
stolen.

We took a Lyft to the Reading market for lunch. Mariana got a mediocre
cheesesteak and I got a mediocre fallafel sandwhich.

Made the bus at 3pm after some difficulty proving the ticket to the
bus driver (he wanted printed and not a confirmation code).

Bus drive as 40min behind schedule even with the early stop we
made. Lots of traffic. He played the same dozen country songs on
loop. No joke. Slept pretty well though.

Jason's place is incredible. A tour when we first got there around
8:30pm or so and stayed up chatting. Ramen noodles and pistachios for
dinner. Curie is sweet but intimidating with those big
teeth. Apparently she won't bite but she's a kind of rough around the
corners.

* 11/22/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/21/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 5:45am to go pick up Jason's gift for this week. Picked up
a coffee from Starbucks on the way. Drove to Cliffs of Id in and was
on the wall by 6:45am. Left by 7:30am so Mariana could have the car.

Picked up maple syrup to surprise her with pancakes for breakfast. At
standup today, went over the new board and sprint planning, sprint
retro process. Reviewed engineering spec with James and Albert. Got
personas built and posted. Debugged codepush issue and re-submitted.

Went climbing again after dinner. Dinner was pasta with sauce of
mushroom, spinach and peas in sundried tomato and cashew sauce.

Climbing sessions were solid. Tightness in forearms after second
session. Did a crimpy v4 in the morning that felt great

10 minutes of meditation before lights out.
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/20/2022
** Summary

Drove to west Hollywood for Mariana's game. She lost, we stayed to
have coffee then watch two more games. I took a short nap while she
watched. Came back by 3:30pm to sell guitar.

Did my pushups outside and some stretching. Made mushroom pasta. Face
mask and shower later.

Going to bed now. Picking up Jason's gift tomorrow morning and going
to Cliffs of Id before work if I can make it on time. Mariana needs
the car by 8:15am for work.

* 11/19/2022
** Summary

Drove to TJ on Thursday night. Worked from Maru's house on Friday and
went out to dinner at Emma's Baja French restaurant. Mariana and her
mom shared a prime rib, risotto, creamed spinach and potato. I had
pasta and a french onion soup. Unknowingly the soup had chunks of
bacon at the bottom. I accidentally ate some and had crazy dreams that
night.

Back home, Mariana and I fell asleep watching "Lady in the
water". Seems like we're watching a lot of tv and movies
lately. Vacation is needed if only to break from screens

Drove back today, arrived around 7:30pm. Mariana is watching
Handmaidens Tale and I'm going to bed. Going to her game tomorrow,
selling guitar and going to document the new board and how to cut over
to it.

** me
- [X] 100 pushups

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 11/18/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/17/2022
** Summary
Coughing kept me up last night. Eventually took advil with a sleep aid
(Diphenhydramine, aka benedryl)

Good chat with Billy about sprints and our work going forward.

The public feed is live.

Drove down to TJ to drop off Leche for the next two weeks while we are
on holiday. Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/16/2022
** Summary
Woke up and made decaf coffee. Leche vet at lunch.

Had call with Jered and Jacqueline where they told Mariana and I about
Lilly. Shared our support and hoped they passed it on to her.

Went to CVS to find arm braces for Mariana who pulled it during the
recent climbing session.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/15/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 6:20am and drove to the bouldering gym. Got there by 6:40
and was on the wall by 6:50. Maybe 10 people bouldering at that
hour. It was great. So quiet. Did several runs but got stuck on a V2
suprisingly. Will get it tomorrow.

Drive home took 20min. Felt great all day. Lunch with Mariana at
neighborhood thai place. Decaf coffee in the morning after workout and
cold shower. Totally worked. Didn't crave caffeine at all today.

Deployed new code to production and swapped client upload api for new
one.

Bed time.


<<PRIVATE
db808f1a61dde6c7REs20P8MVtRt+AA7xYknT1bGA6CxzuuCDcIlgWRrwE27NdaRK+myb2GTSvVnjc5nozV/ni8tEGcc/3Rsry8OpyPuWnhtZSCtrOclh0SKC98Q6dE0
PRIVATE
* 11/14/2022
** Summary

Cough was back last night. Woke up too late for gym as had call with
Dad at 8am. Test app with team at 9am and worked on waveform fix for
sausages for half the day. Updated test for hateful words case.

Call with Dad at 8am was nice. I was still waking up and was a bit
rambly. Noted how nice it felt to have Friday off for myself. Ebbs and
flows.

Mariana and I went climbing after work. Picked up burritos first

<<PRIVATE
76fdbfd79e8e94f5TIyg+KB0Z0Y1tGlwb65N61avjdhLrsdsHYPJ49H7dk/idYENJe9Qb/Q5GuTAJHjYkXFtGwPKdx4=
PRIVATE
* 11/13/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8:30am for Mariana's kickball game. Leche was going nuts
for the ball so we took long walk around the neighborhood. Found a
cafe and stayed there for a while.

Mariana and her team won and are advancing to the semi-finals next
week.

Came home, I went to store to pick up some groceries for the
week. Made a chana masala that was too spicy for Mariana. She's got a
really sensitive spicy threshold. Going forward, unless the pepper is
like a poblano, bell or sweet pepper, it probably should be left out.

Laundry, pb sandwich then watching Event Horizon together before bed.

* 11/12/2022
** Summary
Got email sending working via cloudflare workers on personal project
test. Went to Alamo Drafthouse to watch TAR and Black Panther
sequel. TAR was great. Fell asleep within 30min of Black Panther.

Got home at 2am and passed out.

** me
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 11/11/2022
** Summary

Good day. Took Leche to dog park. Then Home Depot for outdoor trash can. Leche loved it
all. UX interview with Pubnub researcher for amazon gift card.

Spent an hour working warming the mental cache with 24HourHomepage. It
took a few hours to get there though. Got a coffee with Mariana. Went
bouldering with Mariana. We bought year passes. Did a v4 dyno to end
the night. Stuck it but fell on my second attempt stuck it on my
sixth(ish) attempt before leaving. Some good skin rippage.

Picked up two pizzas for dinner in Culver City. Went to Sam and Elle's
for Sam's 30th bday.

Going to watch something in bed with Mariana.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/10/2022
** Summary

Worked on safari problem for chaos audio side project

Did SL workout with gym back in original position. Added bb rows
again and bar dips.

Got new kitchen trash can. Returned amazon package. Picked up new
keyboard off craigslist since "asdf" keys died on mac one. New one is
mechanical with hotswappable brown switches. Don't know shit about
mechanical keyboards and don't want to get into hot rodding them but
like that I can replace parts if they die.

<<PRIVATE
c6053ccfee3bc709CfYc2DobUSBfZm7vF5SjvOEKfNSt4MH6YC1A0kmbqSB/EPgorioJf18wllKY/R2Po8sfo17mNerQvh6lBtBErbDQhe7WhFuf2/aTjXF0OHrvmokk+M8BRByM+39gC3w0JwOgQSqRYe/ZZHzR8itFnz2sGIA1fU4xmKgS7Kih7+4CrR82gfuRkJMWbSC20eWcbYTTvRST7KxQXnPN6Pgzsg+Xs1E/64hShPmsJdHrrRwzmHqvhWII6sdsrQm6Zkg3Yr4+/zx+1+7AQqjtEq/4mgetN0rEpxX14XAVlFD4hsENgJYDQBs3frmgOOnHnFnWczadXTzYu25rnjLuvcDRFbcczcNUSO2uUWgTF/BtwMVi9D3SNc0uH5/hQv1oJ7HTIDsyXZZezCw787vKrioIMwBA+aWRZc1QEP3QVJSzA7PxhSxmuxes7LtQou9ZDc/lx0wJkcMOb/E6jDaOj3VOrU0AhBMeouRBFa4AoRHqjbdT5NAELW4MeTIsvLg2gJRGFNXOeMJg/n3wbhnhtM9FuMMi4bTbucK3ZgWKq/rKmdGBAKKibK3qFDp5GJmO1j0M2TyvdglQu5ZBeAJO6dQAlky35AJKtvSjShPGiuQQpMiwfp3C+75eS+HYLygzlRjObnf51Pq0sIbMqYcieQLLd0/mRgIO739qQEL1Ht0p/6sHeP7Rw36qytRUP2LLztGcSOrpUgiWL9E2t7Oy19hLMh5rEzvYDA+IUdse73tYP3NtzGeZwQXK9iYpFJCVn6s3GQpo/TUemETqLbSf9e6lJ1quzlbVWm4igJw9VUllZdEOP4xe339X0xXEOSof+O0sElkTswjRjJDLbp8ZKYn94NiqL6Ep4U8qRIVt7KhODJipfEfKgDldggBTtv7MVpPFdWx9MdA5qSpj+0rLFUZTq0luNLnX8jVi21ZRey/8radGn6d3q2hJYORB/i30DY5zd5VTl9mFZJ6xghtQzQqBZJzO5Bveg9fr2Z58QKzbOFmGu5He0W9c5CDlMJHVMnOBp+OJm5L2nS4W/9JWugPsmnbm11ZWT3Og97Hx6UOG4hmOzVevlq5wPxGbW4ZzOTZxHEVnXnnOLX7qXyxO21FO8OrmLlHYk4WnQhgrb8AD1T18wi5bivNc9L4q8bhnwAoYeaBPw3ZPpeLSGBgWV66rcivn1dW2zLrcjcFW5KU0pxRUofBiVesjOs8Dm5L+o5bi7Dg0xvFLMYfzntEwyZl/232UFughOENoRz5543kjaVed6NZqYneeEIAi9CeW4Ahms9DWQzDcuJwDc1MgLI3D+h0ZH4VQ0NUfLkCoIxNzdyTTgkoUfcKiPHsOnK2fDir/vxU7eHX5+IYJNR35f821LA==
PRIVATE
* 11/09/2022
** Summary

8am wake up with coffee after push ups. Work focus was followStatus
via dataloader vs join query. Some discussion about the
tradeoffs. Doesn't seem important if we aren't focusing on
marketing. I think that starts next week after the build is deployed.

Next most important work: replies and web client.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/08/2022
** Summary

Great sleep but it was raining super hard this morning so I slept in
till 8am. Made coffee, standup at 9am.

Deployed waveform gen and new primer web client.

Mailed hair and returned one amazon package. Tested the cloudflare lib
hono and public R2 buckets.

Got pretty fixated on pouring atlas stones for use in the front yard
as a challenge next year. The idea: lift atlas stone 3 times and carry
it across the yard 3 times before dropping (on the opposite site) for
the next day to repeat. The exercise would be supplemental to other
goals. I think a 150-200lb atlas stone would be good start.

Drinking apple cider vinegar tonight hoping it will help with
digestion. Two tsp in water tasted great. Perhaps I'm alkalized!

Going to bed now. Listening to binaural music during sleep as it rains.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/07/2022
** Summary

Leche woke me up at 3:45am today because she wanted to eat grass. She
was walking around the bedroom as if sleep walking (not groaning or
whining). I woke up, opened the door and she guided me outside. Sat
out with jacket on while she ate grass for a few minutes. Walked her
up the block and back before going back inside.

Couldn't sleep for some time after that. Stayed on the couch and spit
up snot. Nose still congested.

Got waveform lambda setup finally. Not until the evening did I get it
hooked up to SQS. Still need to deploy to development and do some
clean up (stream uploads, tests) but should be able to deploy tomorrow
for best results.

Mariana wanted to skip bouldering today as she needs the rest. I used
that time to deploy lambda code.

Am I letting Sup eat too much of my time? Is there a horizon? Yes, I
believe so. This was just a long night and I was tired from the lack
of sleep.

Since we're climbing on Wednesday now, I'll do some sort of weight
lifting or weight stretching tomorrow. Abs focus I think. Haven't
worked them in a long time. Not too hard since that was how I
herniated a disk last time (weighted exercise after long period of not
exercising them).

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/06/2022
** Summary

LOL. CAPS LOCK IS STUCK ON THIS MACHINE. LOTS OF CHORES TODAY. WATCHED
"PALM SPRINGS" WITH MARIANA.

WAKING UP EARLY TOMORROW.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/05/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 11/04/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 11/03/2022
** Summary

Massive sinus congestion today. Woke up at 2am, waffled a bit before
sleeping at 3 or 3:30am. Coughing and congestion. Cough sounds like
its getting better but congestion was just as bad today.

Back on nyquil tonight to see if can kick this thing. Maybe running
would help? Or if I'm worried about the cold, fast walking on
treadmill.

Gas stove still off all day. Made slow cooker lentils with potatos,
carrots, kale and cooked in blended sundried tomatoes. Ate over rice.

Nyquil kicking in.

<<PRIVATE
d90e6d767e3a6af4haLbsj0ts3AS5/xrxGSxR5GqspKUhAOe6jtIyovqiYR/wPHf4ZyqImJfgB8uNhhYgWWZZWxOFNw0kj+jJRXXijbwv/LovnUnndberKWhjsABb1iazPxNlS1bEFTgqTgirGANyn3+eM61eHmxSXJMsQmHvF61kvdS/VSf+sXrQ8xL6T4duG7lOWvVH9F66pb6ga8gyRsbMhCA1COTMxInVkkjK82/9xGJ+4N1sCABezyC5foBVWNebtPiNSjbeW9FzBzVLwdppEbgvwwPEki1Xkx3MG4a4ChyEAChoCARJH2Qoc2+6Keq+gncV5HdqBywq0dAmtnQzKEhicfdGoeC/hX89dKJj+sQXtudZbY4/Gki/5l2SNCrG9Zji0xJ8QaSVpnt9SBXQJNeUUgb4lb7RzT+kNKHlBI52GBIcg==
PRIVATE
* 11/02/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am to get hair cut cleaned up and faded. It was raining
so I wore the yello puffy jacket. Was there by 8:15 and done by
8:30am. $30 in total with tip. I think cheaper at David R's near
Naoum's but they open at 9am. Went to Naoum's for coffee. He didnt'
recognize me at first.

Standup at 9am. Kept screen off and told joke about how everyone
should buzz their hair as new engineering requirement for efficiency.

Debugged a non issue team saw on primer. Stored language on
upload. Lunch with Simon at Mayaura Indian place. It was good but I
thought the buffet would be open so I could see which foods I
wanted. Ordered Aloo Gobi (spiced cauliflower and potato) and split a
dosa with Simon. Delicious food.

Carlos the appliance guy came at 2pm. He recommended the property
management replace the stove. They're doing that on Friday.

Saturday is Elle & Sam's baby shower. Ordered their gift to be
delivered by Friday. Should've done it earlier. It's expensive to put
things off. Good to think about. What other things am I putting off
that I shouldn't? This is part of the inspiration of WFPB diet. Think
about diet and exercise now to aid in the long run. No oil and whole
food meals. Admittedly, this is slipping with ordering out or
restaurants. For instance, the Dosa might have had ghee in it or oil
in the Aloo Gobi.

Dinner at Mr Sate with Mariana. Walked with Leche before. It's getting
pretty cold. Keeping the window open during the day since I'm worried
the gas burner is defective and leaking. Cold inside house. Humidifier
shows up tomorrow which I hope will help with sinus congestion. I used
a sinus rinse an hour ago and now I have a bit of a headache. Maybe
some nasal drip?

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
8a73115c3ab85136eADlMo4fFo09Jlr4Hwtlsr7WTHzTTrYHH8+GyP/L1/2brtBohOJDF5RS6UWOyRocXSPfCVRPhGliwq8+hFNKD9UNd3G5H8JGifOFAHHZAiU5ajhThz/eFIKIunQdArLRo30qZWu812S2b+rK40mZaxAFaJpRbOPTcQbhBoZzsP/+9vc+357IE/GxfRFISpJA44VPZuCiQ+Izbj1+pQIM1ywcUM4grDPS9E8wFS1NfFK9/q0HUbzqWTm/brl9eIJD4s7hWl6FxQUlkLDEmYgcRFGWE3p4qXxaduzx4uzbY26JrLRupyyiACmBMDGg44jr1cjogDnHBR6XTbDw8KpWSL0LzNVhdiZWxyNkXK16eyREWlEIkYcG6/yCUugFr3m5RT/dZqj8FQsnTyplhivbm7KkR9hHfG80y1jHJEOoyhtYKnKTP7aX1+r+X6oT4ixq/j8H1H9rCR8F7ZWI4qGJEuyJVner/1eaWTRf0xUTIz2Pg7I5DhJoMzz6rIT2NDp5ci/1897mepUDvtjtGNWThauMkIJ1iOM+xWUUej69aw27YST8XuwL7FD/WXwZKXAZqQnrO7zDdF3dMt6C5nKHtlVZ/h85cTnfcvQ9Qhr3ZJYFLd9WnA8RZXuG7frqM+FkRTudCKAw/+wyZp/OXh9WNAqK35/T5KdgUmrHqpKBLOlQYkr8lCt+M/wolR9xsaqiMJsiXBXUCXVC5gcNkeEefQMl8l4jNOJZ4fYC9fPFRt9LPateuUWfsXgocXMehwCiu/g1ZBQJ53mulZX72wV0tGnDD7RuEVUjaCVSsZoicqmLO+48DyRh2uy1zEIvhQXTgUPlew==
PRIVATE
* 11/01/2022
** Summary

The big hair cut! It feels great. Going to the barber in the morning
for them to clean up the fade and see how they do it before I continue
doing it myself.

A bit of a scare today with the stove again. One of the knobs wouldn't
turn off (again) and so the gas stayed on. Texted Juan De Olmo the
property maintenance manager who pinged Carlos the appliance guy. I
pulled the stove out and turned off the valve.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/31/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 6am from a coughing fit. Stayed dazed awake until making
coffee at 7:30 after hot then cold shower. Woke up Mariana at
8am. Standup at 9am, caught Billy up with our progress and took Leche
for a walk. Chat with Billy later in the day.

Fixed Cloudflare worker issue (SSL mode), removed some noisy logs and
worked on the wtf.sup.audio prototype. Autoplay won't work for safari
and chrome so will need a workaround.

The big hair cut tomorrow! Been talking about this for almost as long
as I've had long hair. There are times having long hair is
great. Namely, I enjoy having my hair pulled back in a man bun and
it's low-maintenance. All other times it is pretty high
maintenance. It falls out often, I don't shampoo or condition it as
often as I should to keep it from falling out or getting knotty. So
sometime before the March wedding, I wanted to cut it but decided to
delay it until after both weddings. Decided over a year ago that it
would be November 1st. Funny though, the last month or so leading up
to tomorrow have had more second guesses. "Grow it out for another few
years and then cut it after some big event." or "You won't grow it out
again, so just keep going." Those doubts didn't really stick
though. The benefits of a buzzed head outweight the benefits of over
shoulder length hair. Donating it to locks of love, though next time
will donate it to the oakland group that makes hair mats to clean up
oil spills.

Ate Indian food with Mariana for dinner. She was iritable because she
was hungry. Delicious food though.

Did a stronglifts workout after work. Felt great. Volume and high
intensity should be my next focus. Just go until failure on multiple
compound lifts.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/30/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 9:30am. Made coffee, shared with Mariana and Dante before
taking Leche for walk and to C&M for breakfast. We all ate on the
porch before Mariana went to her kickball game and Dante back home.

Took a nap. Still funky from nyquil. Read a bit of "100 questions
every first-time home buyer should ask" and took notes in git repo.

Went to Sprouts for quick groceries. Got a bunch of ramen and
vegetables because I was hungry.

Started towels and bedsheets laundry. Wasted time online. Going to
take Leche for evening walk, then fit sheets when they are dry, then
shower. Then bed.

* 10/29/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 9am after NyQuil night. Slept through the night and couged
up brown stuff (awesome) finally at 6am. The mucinex expectorant
worked. Took it again throughout the day.

Dante, Mariana and Moti's friend from college, came to visit from SLO
for Moti's surprise bday party. We went to Lonzo's Peruvian first for
lunch, made coffee, walked Leche then went to Los Feliz for the
suprise bbq and board games for Moti.

There was another crew of Andrew's--Moti's bf--neighbors up on the
roof for a party who helped us fake surprise Moti before we gave the
real surprise. That double/fake surprise move worked better than I
expected. Turns out, Moti had her suspicions early on because she got
notified that Dante had joined Sup earlier in the day and she wondered
why he would have joined.

We played Codenames for an hour after dinner then went to the jacuzzi
down stares and talked. Back by midnight and took Leche on a walk
around the block. Bed time now.

* 10/28/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 3am from coughing. Stayed awake until 4:30 before falling
asleep again. Tried out svelte scaffold but wasn't very focused on
it. Looking forward for this cough to go away. Coffee when I woke up
at 7am. Inclined pushups before coffee.

Deployed latest APIs including waveform code. Next week we'll test the
new features

Watched "Barbarian" and "Tusk" with Mariana. Both entertaining,
Barbarian more so. Written and Directed by Zach from WKUK which hooked
me to watch it. Entertaining without being too heady.

Nyquil before bed now in hopes to sleep through the night. Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/27/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 4am from coughing and decided I was too awake to go back to
sleep. Read the physics of sound interactive article
(https://ciechanow.ski/sound/) then did SL workout at 7am. Made coffee afterward.

Focused on getting an api version of the waveform code. Got it working
though the pcm data seems off in a few test cases (compared to
audacity viewer). Ready to demo the app with everyone tomorrow.

Threw ball with Leche during lunch and after work. Dad had some good
thoughts to share about Qatar opportunity.

Went to Ralphs with Mariana for fried chicken dinner for her. I made
bean burritos with quinoa, salsa and lettuce. Delicious. Leche got
some cheese on her kibble.

She played with a new dog named Tala on our evening walk.

Going to bed now, super tired. Still a alot of muccus that isn't
easily breaking up. If it persists, I'll take musinex

<<PRIVATE
f1a13592da8d2bc7d5BqpQYDQMABrqA5wOX3TkNEqkVK8OyTEcZDUfhZdwEIyYI9ev6ReWgNOy4pKXFGGaK9VRMWTyEfcnrDQ+Hj8WJrinuBJqjZxOOKECIw9Vg7MOU33zzOW5W0e2zbyMhJF1xnyfmcgbMcEni0l9q6ZQ86wgnRTQyBbSUmuIrREqI4AHf/Ouf1SpM3hoXnbRAqftEsoMGjsoCAOQ3EaxCZt82hL5hsSjqnE5lM2iasReAN25F3cr2wB4Yrd25L/UyW1GzSRjn5nuSSITI7e0U/9HG6ETv/xc+DF6U43/ehBQndxsI1djD6zknJQp6wRmMn5H8P5XflESf7bHaLKGKCYc66hztfnr4LBX3hbzFOsvHBPkxkVs63toiHHxbpd4YxOgghsWFuJzL4CrZ5r7yYVMQjGB8Hx+Lg3wrNEZFGFtRd/vbJqpibsdsC3z1+MVwrtNKvLlscBiZuE4jsd0aZ7UvwUAhyZp70NKOURsE8CgrEGZk8d7EdpuuDW1fn0kF2GXfoceFZH5rvE+2T70xyLHk82QDmt1mTwdxolrxeaI+/+fd9d75+KacbH861yWcBNIHiY4gfdPS4aoxZ7ETfFsbPnfRr8Ac6t+r7mXnw7ZbLDvMH708g460JEirO3zSosjoCDJLwD6iwgQumzBib/9O3M0/sRYizIw9skbniDruOu+tLLzOjPEBE7BBGQZA3
PRIVATE

* 10/26/2022
** Summary

Took nyquil last night after a huge coughing fit. Was foggy all
morning. Had coughdrops for most of the day. Coffee in
morning. Ginkgo + mint tea in afternoon. Leftover pumpkin and rice
soup for lunch. Spaghetti sauce with quinoa and potatoes for dinner.

Threw ball with Leche after work. Wore suit all day. Need to workout,
no excuses.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/25/2022
** Summary

Woke up early and made black tea with mushroom powder. Great energy
throughout the day. Inclined pushups before tea. Lingering phlem and
cough all day but manageable. Focus.

Mariana had a migrane and WFH. Got her soup from the thai place in our
neighborhood.

Thought provoking sound article sent from Dad. Finished "The Subtle
Art of Not Giving a Fuck". Just the right size for light, fluffy sick
read. What did I take from it? Cultivate a practice of asking "is this
important?" or as I noted recently "how does this get us
there?". Cultivate space--as these logs encourage--of regular
reflection on the day and lifes events.

Going to bed now. Giving Mariana the other side of the bed since she
liked it so much.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/24/2022
** Summary
Woke up still sick but better than this weekend. Foggy from the nyquil
so no more of that. Will have to deal with the coughing which has
gotten better.

Focus was splitting out admin apis. Tedious. Nearly done though.

Two coffees in total. Listened to more of the Lex Fridman + Balaji
Srinivasan talk.

Laundry.

Doing pushups now then going to bed early (9pm)

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/23/2022
** Summary

Deep sleep last night. NyQuil before bed. Woke up at 9am, made coffee
and read "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck". This chapter was about
skepticism and acknowleding we are often wrong. A few more chapters in
the book. Will do a summary aftward. Seems like the ideas would work
well as a "life plan"-style guide. Like a "do this every day for 90
days" and see what happens

Took Leche to the park. Let her run wild. She loved it. She chased a
few frisbee golfers' frisbees in their game. Went to the river walk
area below. Leche would have chased the ducks and geese had she not
been leashed. Walked around the pond and back to car.

Made big pot of ramen for dinner. Noodles were brown rice + white
rice + bamboo extract noodles. Good but not chewy/snappy like I like
ramen noodles. Watched "Source Code" then "Marth Marcy May
Marlene". Both were watchable but not re-watchable. Made peanutbutter
cookies with almond flour we had from some vegan dish I made a few
months ago. Good, not great. Maybe too oily or maple syrup-y.

Sam came over to pick up whole milk we had that Mariana wasn't going
to drink. She drinks 2% as she reminded me. Elle is making cinnamon
rolls and they offered to share a few with us. Nice.

Taking NyQuil again tonight. Hoping we nip the cough, runny nose in
the bud tonight.

* 10/22/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 6am then back to bed till 8am. Still tossing and
turning. Went to library to work on websocket demo for an hour. Got it
working before leaving. Rented some movies. Picked up water and went
to TJs for soup. Pulling into the library parking lot a homeless man
on a bike flipped me off in the rear view mirror. He was bombing down
the sidewalk on his bike (not walking or in the bike lane) and I was
way ahead of him (10s or so).

Tested new debit card. Works. Will clean up more of those
tomorrow. Pretty tired now from restlessness all day and
nyquil. Watched Erin Brokovich with Mariana (one of the movies rented
from library).

Jason's birthday today. Texted him last night at midnight. 41 this year.

Bedtime.


<<PRIVATE
d4a120bcc524ab73GLVf0hOhbY0xzBcr3GRpEWMwBKtYOPawNcfkIlFD1YTaLVfy/yzGS4MzxEdPxW8xb456ZJ7meI5sLebAhdI0X9gtOzQovaSUc5RoQbXogko2x7bYszNXgZ9LGFuWVc2D2TqUT3H6HVY87qF0jLxvvAIq7wWmJd3jwzW9/AiBlKagh39dYJeIclGp4O7U4NxLGr0MDKi2qWbMmLATB/lGSnbsIHQlit0uhKFHrobpB3w6Xo3gxFrSmcxF95E=
PRIVATE
* 10/21/2022
** Summary

Still sick today. Tossed and turned last night. Woke up at 3am, 5am
and finally 7am. Had call with Dad at 8:30 after 30min bump.

Standup, asked how team felt about getting build ready by next
Thursday. We think it is possible. Charles had noted it might be
aggressive but I called out how API work is nearly done.

Fixed crash and smaller tickets today. Published 2.0.2 and force
upgraded clients.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Made soup and ordered pasta for Mariana. 100 pushups before watching
movie "Circle" about aliens abducting people around the world, putting
them in a circle and having them choose who lives. Came out
in 2015. Kinda like squid game or Cube but lower budget and even
simpler premise.

Read through most of cloudflare-websockets demo. I think I can get a
prototype up this weekend.

Going to read "The Subtle Art of not giving a f*ck" before
bed. Closing the window and turning on periodic AC i think is
best. Valerian root tea to aid with sleep

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/20/2022
** Summary

Still sick today. Went to doctor at 10:30 after standup, walk with
Leche and talk with Wolfram about our new policy to write specs and
tests in notion, share them before starting work.

Got COVID test from doctor since they said it was the same thing but
cheaper than seeing them ($75 copay with insurance vs 4 test for
$28). Mariana tested negative, I will test if she feels bad tomorrow.

Did the same for two features today.

Made soup for lunch and dinner. Mariana didn't eat any of it. She
ordered chinese soup and chinese food (beef, etc).

Going to keep reading 'The Subtle Art of Not Giving A F*ck' before
bed. Drinking valerian tea with ashwaganda. Imagine I will sleep like
a rock. Waking up early to chat with my Dad.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/19/2022
** Summary

Woke up. Got outta bed. Dragged a comb across my head.

Was sick today. Enough that it's prompted me to go to the doctor for
Covid test. Mariana too. She'll wait until after my results. Likely a
cold from us watching rooftop movie on Sunday. Maybe from Alex who we
had dinner with on Saturday.

I FILLED two snot rags today. Sneezed all day, snot running down my
nose like at like 4oz per hour it felt like. Nuts.

Got 2.0.0 deployed with James. Got the Feed feature build and
integration tests written

Watched the last episodes of Succession with Mariana. Roasted pumpkins
we had and made soup. Ate the seeds and shared them with Leche. Fruit
bowl for dessert.

Bedtime.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/18/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am and made coffee. Rand standup at 9am and listened to
Charles design review presentation. I like it.

Walked Leche.

Wrote example integration test. Updated templates. Broke out work into
tickets. Spec'd the first feature.

Went to library to rent "The Subtle art of not giving a fuck" by Mark
Manson. Read 4 chapters enjoying it so far. The swearing is pedestrian.

Did squats, pushups and bicep curls. I'm letting the new position of
the gym get in the way of me doing bench and deadlifts. The half rack
isn't positioned as well over there but the garden does look
cleaner. Keep it there until it becomes unmanageable.

Made beans and rice for lunch and dinner. Actually, that was a late
lunch. I should eat something before bed.

Going to see if Mariana wants to watch an episode of Succession. I
said I wanted to wait until the weekend but she had a long day and
spending good time with her is the good stuff.

Bed after.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/17/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am and made coffee for Mariana and I. Ran standup for
the team and discussed what the goal for the next two weeks. Spec out
work that is deliverable, makes changes to behaviors we actually want
to test and with half the team around. We also discussed largely what
our "north star" should be

Chat with Charles afterward and he has a small set of changes for what
we can build this week. He'll share his work with the team in
tomorrow's standup.

Messaged 100 of our users. The script is weak but I've been refining
it as users reply. Gets better with time. The best responses seem to
come from asking yes or no questions as a way of starting the
conversation. Bigger asks happens after the first message.

Energy was pretty low today. Didn't get much rest this weekend with
all the travel. Big squat late afternoon yesterday too.

Going to finish Succession show soon which is good because it's fun
takes up a lot of headspace. Better to have nights and weekends for
activities that build a better future instead of feed a vice.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/16/2022
** Summary
* 10/15/2022
* 10/14/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 10/13/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am and got coffee from Nauom's. Chocolate croissant for
Mariana.

Deployed latest APIs. Tested AWS service from email they
sent. Configured CMS tool in prod.

Had coffee with Tim and Bobby who are in town to meet their LA
team. Great chat. Been a while since I'd talked with Bobby. Good idea
sharing.

Spent lots of the day breaking down the next conceptual model of
Sup. Packed bags for TJ. Drove down to TJ at 6:30pm. Went to MOD pizza
first. Mariana ordered a margarita pizza and I got a greek
salad. Delicious.

Going to bed after watching Succession together.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/12/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 2am because I set AM on my phone instead of
PM. Oops. Felt great to have that realization of another 4 hours of
sleep. A few hours later it started raining. Thunder
too. Excellent. Closed the window. Leche hopped on the bed some point
in the night. I think she was scared.

Not sure when I got out of bed...so let's assume it was late at
8am. Made coffee and let Mariana sleep in till 8:45am. Standup at 9,
Leche walk afterward. Finished the CRM integration today.

Bouldering after work. Was pretty tired but the exercise woke me
up. My head wasn't really in it but I did all the runs I set out to
do. Felt good. I'm consistently on V3 now since I haven't met a V2 I
couldn't do in a while. That's still the measure.

Went to Sprouts with Mariana after. Picked up ramen and cereal. Made
it. Watched Succession then wrote this. Going to watch another then
bed. Long weekend ahead. Driving to TJ, picking up Maru at 1am Friday,
back Saturday night. Dinner with Michelle on Friday night, late lunch
with Julieta and family on Saturday afternoon.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/11/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:50am and caught scheduled Lyft to take me to Santa
Monica Ford Service center to pick up truck. Called center on the way
to have the truck ready, it was ready by 7:45. Had a cafe de olla from
Mexican bakery around the corner.

Drove back to the house and was home by 8:30am. Pretty tired
still. Made coffee and woke up Mariana who left around 8:45am.

Standup then Leche walk. Ack'd Mike's PR comment then started
integrating CRM. Had coffee with Tim Caplis who is in town visiting
his new team and Soundcloud. He'll be here until Friday, will try to
get lunch with him and maybe Bobby Gaza tomorrow or Thursday.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Found gas station that accepts Apple Pay (Shell on Overland). Took
Leche on a longer walk, the one we used to do on Sundays with the
"Palms Puppy Pack". Passed by a Jewish family who asked if I'm
Jewish. I said no the older man holding a palm explained the
significance. I asked if it was Yomkimpur, he said no that was four
days ago but they celebrate Sukkot.

Picked up Mariana from her ceramics class. Apparently there was a
robbery or mugging in the alley behind the bar. Will walk her to and
from classes again, despite her protests.

Bedtime

<<PRIVATE
30caceac205f2d2eOt2uw/vPYUEAiqIzAff9FMygGkDO44XvIsorqN6VVqaEknhOEQ8nq6yygtHj2Zp/DK/iHdxsPyvYUYJjCDPXj507WkKpDcfI7ay7tEUJt/DqoE56apYQZML8LA7nsJWVC7Vcvxk5DGqNogQnss3vbdgBGiWbjuDZTJdcT6VdW9cdcKpk8JafFrGmoZSUzyafLBmIr3gUPYwSLl3nJGPbqQ+dmVSzKcU9DfqNzlF+IT9lAIFLiZn/YfIEf9S9B4g+/731spde9GzTse7k51a3h/AxQHo7LXn/aPxq80tCXSAGKNb1UZOWYE5GZoX9nujIwKDtP27x2giOp/5ReU3Pi1aVW0d71lT1rkiqew==
PRIVATE
* 10/10/2022
** Summary
Woke up early to drop of truck for safety recall in Santa Monica. Got
coffee and conchas and took Lyft back. Conchas for Mariana. She passed
her last exam today. Nearly 5 years of studying. 16 attempts for the 6
tests. Proud that she stuck it out and didn't give up.

Got release branch PRs up after code deploy.

Went for celebration dinner after. Mariana's pick. We walked around
downtown Culver and wound up at Irish pub. She got burger that looked
pretty iconic. I ordered fish and chips and broke the WFPB diet. No
nutrition in it, just fried foods. Good to see Mariana so relaxed
though.

Came back and watched Succession together. Before leaving, I had three
dog treats under yoga blocks around the house for Leche to get. She
found them and later, during the show she would walk to the blocks and
smell around looking for more. Love it.

Going to bed now. Picking up truck tomorrow.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/09/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/08/2022
- [ ] easter eggs suptext
  - [ ] cowboy
  - [ ] obama
  - [ ] trump
  - [ ] elon, musk
  - [ ] fran drescher
  - [ ]

* 10/07/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/06/2022
** Summary

Bed feels good lately. Dreams are rich.

Fixed issue James called out, chatted with Billy. Caught up with Dave
Yeager about his product and its future. Dentist at 4pm. Totally
missed it was Jacqueline's birthday on the 2nd, sent her a text.

Added autoscaling to clusters and tested.

Tomorrow: Wolfram is back so will get him up to speed on moving
forward. Will re-record a 15-second video.

Will sync with Charles about contacts tab.

Will do a good exercise in the morning. Warm up, stretch, run and
weights.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/05/2022
** Summary
Long day, here are the highlights.

Had a dab of valerian root powder before sleep last night. Took a
while to shake that off this morning. Even with pushups and
coffee. Eventually did a weight session during lunch and my energy got
back to a good state. Beet root powder an hour or so before the
workout too. Good SL session. The new location of the gym is kinda
tedious for the deadlift setup, but I can try different setups again.

Codepush focus today. Got it working. Xcode is the great patience
tester.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Went to the library when Mariana got home to finish the codepush
problem. Great focus room there. No distractions or noise allowed.

Looked into credit cards as I'd like to get my credit score to be
tippy top in a few years. Basically just use it for gasoline
purchases. Did some research there.

Need to schedule truck recall repair.

Brushing my teeth then going to bed after a short meditation.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 10/04/2022
** Summary

Woke up early but didn't stick the landing. Really pleasant
dreams. Did my pushups while coffee brewed.

Got fargate cluster up. Didn't cutover until evening and still rolled
back due to certs issue. Spent 5 hours waiting for xcode to update to
test codepush. Looks solid. Will need to have billy connect github to
get it autobuilding.

Lots of small cleanup tasks from backlog. Some good discussions with
Albert and team in channel.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 10/03/2022
** Summary
I didn't get good rest last night. When my alarm went off, I went
straight back to bed. I'm interested to read how often I've said
something like this this year. No doubt, I've had this habit since
college. Coupled with blind caffeine use.

Morning was a bit flustered. Oatmeal spilled over, pancake batter went
bad (too much yeast). Just felt a bit more chaotic than usual. Chaos
shouldn't be anywhere on my mind for the morning. The start of the day
is most peaceful and calm.

I need to do some deep meditation after yesterday's discussion.
Healthy but I don't like unnecessary energy bouncing around inside. As
I notice it in myself, I see it in others too. Find or create a space
for calm.

Today's work was focused on expo ota. No luck getting the preview
build to work with native modules even though it appears to work for a
freshly built expo app. Maybe something I'm doing in build settings,
but doubtful. Maybe I need to install expo-asset AFTER the
expo-modules package is installed and configured?

Going to try that then test out codepush tomorrow. I enjoyed using it
in the past, hopefully its quality is still top notch after MSFT
acquisition.

Went bouldering after work with Mariana. 7pm to 9pm ish. The leftover
routes from the weekend's competition were still up. Great. Very fun
to go through. I think it's worth our attention to keep going. It's
time expensive, but the whole body feels good.

Came home and realized the fargate problem is not a problem. Going to
provision productions and prepare for the swap tomorrow night. Need to
see how fargate handles auto scaling.

Going to shower then bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 10/02/2022
** Summary

Restful weekend. A few days ago I started getting rid of stuff in the
house. Started with a box of industrial ceramics that Mariana was
happy to get rid of in favor for her ceramics work. Moved through the
house piece-by-piece. Finally made my way to clothes closet and did
what I've been putting off for a long time: inventory my clothes and
make some cuts. Turns out, I have plenty of nice clothes but I've only
been wearing t-shirts and shorts because...

1. It's comfortable
2. It's friggen hot in LA and 90% of my clothes are jackets, sweaters,
   dress shirts

So the clothes I wear, I wear a lot and they get faded after time. I
started emptying the closet so I could clean the dust out of it. Was
congested all day afterward. Then I returned only 7 shirts to the
closet. Those I knew I would wear during the week. The rest wen into
the office where they stayed until I could re-org them.

Yesterday, I took a photo of every piece of clothing. I have 36
hangers and something like 68 pieces of clothing. Some items were
doubled up (and hence never worn) and all the suit pants and suit
jackets were on thin wire hangers. Simplifying them all by putting
them on my 36 wood hangers.

It's a much cleaner mental model. Should I get or keep a piece of
clothing? Get rid of any number of pieces in order to store it. No new
clothes without saying goodbye to old clothes.

This strategy will work well until we get bigger closets. For now, it
works great. I also moved my hiking boots and crocs to the camping box
in the garage. Don't need to see those all the time. Just the stuff I
wear.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Sold the outdoor shed yesterday. Moved the gym to where it used to
be. Cleaned up some of the backyard. Had brunch with Mariana and the
croissant place on Washington in Culver.

Bedtime. Waking up early for weight lift and me-time work before work.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 10/01/2022
* 09/30/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/29/2022
** Summary

Long day. Woke up at 7:30 for SL workout. Felt great all day. Big
squate. Tried hand at Expo OTA but it needed more
permissions. Debugged for Mike.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Tomorrow I'll need a short evening nap Mariana and my movie date at 10pm.

Going to bed now. 2:30am

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/28/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 8. Deep sleep. Mariana too. Maybe because of the bean soup.
Anyway, standup at 9am. Leche walk after. Deployed the username site
changes. Mike pinged me in the evening about an issue on dev
environment. I think its a bad test case. He didn't reply after that

Went climbing at 7pm. Only 25% of the gym was accessible because they
are hosting a bouldering competition until Sunday. Pretty packed so we
all had to wait turns. Mariana tapped out early. I did all the V2, V1
and V0s I could find. One V3 and attempted another V3.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Had oatmeal, protein powder and banana smoothie for breakfast. Pasta
with brocolli for lunch and dinner. An apple and peach for snack.

Waking up early to do a lift. Expo is the focus tomorrow then
experiment hit the backlog.

I've lost sight of goals outside of TT. It's good to have full focus
on Sup but I should still keep others updated about my
projects. Thinking a version of the "dawn chorus club" would be a
perfect side project right now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/27/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am after going to bed around midnight. Went to a star
party with Mariana's coworker Kevin and his wife. Saw Jupiter in its
closest point to Earth for a while. Looked huge even to the nake
eye. Saw Saturn. Always love seeing Saturn through the telescope.

Got a new notification up for Sup and rendered a basic view for sups
on web client. More styling tomorrow.

Stronglift at lunch and went to farmer's market before they
closed. Got lots of fruit and veg. Peaches were great. Three white
sapote too though one was too ripe and squished in bag on way
home. Simon met me there and we hung out for a bit, went to Sprouts
after.

Came home and reheated bean soup for dinner. Added rice since we ate
all the fresh bread I made yesterday. Will make some more for Thursday
dinner. Tomorrow dinner is pasta.

Bed time.

** me
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 09/26/2022
** me
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 09/25/2022
* 09/24/2022
see house
* 09/23/2022

Long day. Went to bed at 4am after finishing the versioning work
around 1am and recording a promo video.

Woke up at 7:50am and made coffee. Walked on treadmill for 4 hours of
the day. Tested production deploy with wolfram and made several
patches. One was a pretty large breaking change that I would have
liked to have caught earlier in the week. Why didn't we?

I approved the PR without catching the client:server dependency
change. Response type technically did change though it was hidden in
the diff (nullable elements to non-nullable elements). It's good we're
getting off the original design as it is error prone and the fact that
we would have had an outage is further evidence.

Unit or functional tests are one way to get at a solution. I'm going
to give this more thought. That along with OTA updates are going to
give us more reliable releases. Which we need. Everyone should have
confidence that when Friday hits we aren't all scrambling. Fine for a
while since we don't have PM fit but it can lead to burnout if unchecked.

Build confidence in our code quality. I think that starts with backend
OWNING the idea (as I wrote in the Glow docs several months ago) that
our prime directive is to never introduce breaking changes to any API.

It is the responsibility of the developer to ensure that it works up
until the minimum version of the API.

Made tofu and bean tacos for lunch and dinner (mixed with
arugula). Three cups of coffee and an oat milke matcha. Intended to go
bouldering but the broken primer build stopped those plans.

Will wake up early to fix. Going to see a house then go to a house
warming / post wedding party.

Bed time.

** me
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 09/22/2022
<<PRIVATE
18969c7a7d6057b2YYZzl0ntE0oFb+dV3YPhpJWDki4oBqQjBl9RGYElTHNkY2KmWMZZCUxpSZ4jDzFCXDAAxLO400d6tHvV14hXiphGNHE7L2OkQ672+gEp9WIsJkaKXGS3f/iR+ouf2+B0PJ3vlCq5v0ygzSz1iTO6hMOp10Q5Q5fmReUxi4Ao9/yo/+d+VTb/UlGac9l7qiNWIEL9pxc4A56JNBH4BhVOQZyaa4DmLMlLBmDrabBrcYLBhoLbPddxuKrxh4Z846hpE29IpftR6NhCWFMcGnUOvEG6WcqOikAslYVPl7bgLL1z5XlaNSM/8B9GmKbh6d7YineEDVPZHGhf8o3SPLne3Bje9j5g8L7+1N9nLw9KoLPgW8qsQdOThmjmBzNEfOEuoPDI14DKM4XBOBKbTWdoxuZS1XHlwKMsKCvG67xBkwD8KotK9qRWVqTNZUQT3sxqqkRYqhpGdC1bPnsMmfYlzu2cHlyybhC4C7J5vIb9R9Cv2WEqRdAYYfo7j1DFqqLLo1vjMU9Gg8qzAhgT9BqSbzNakGkvfFTCP3pAZsyYWO+Lg4BB13YuA/SlHMOcAhm1QaUbMyUbpmRD7LujPKXwrb9unT6iGUNJonvtiOgh5eCnRgPAgvaDfA0/M63V1bCoUPO0P1S9iiS9do5AANmJrQMAn1TwGgkrxUtM0uPhljy4Y/bTlo2OlmSJiJJIgT08LymOd1kZaSG5yf4cIUSMA+csboR8AJ//MrRkRH2r/DOvkWLDdxzY36q6OUWjEnLOEa27RM28VbiU5Y3U+rK7Tpw834rRghjzqYmzzlr7LTL9HhUlb5usOt+O2piDgaBIlqURCbBCon+Daol6ri1D1gAqEJkssEs73bG0+DZ/Sjmbw0WlVSn1CMxIqZkEqv5NfBUy/2761ofJbDr7fPsuf3xwnr8Il3BsmhYnH0iYM0CrUkOQ+6PqcvpkSZ5XyRmkqFQNi4gJZMNwJLdJSHQXDwi6arWdLEtajcJ+Tw6gUqFfGyHK2Mh3k0ENigsD3J0xscKVvpMTTwSiwZEqdX15J6vqEfVUDgSCzIfuTOoHSp0L59sTjejHzHrLll7qjoaal9rPSWbp8vQxiLnHySvwvjSHI5B9qkiw4RRfjZK5H1D3l26j4JBsZDWAR48qEHarL5uhuc1Oj1T8aUF3ilLk0AiWgRCQojWqS5ArZpcJO4SZKrA8HwXSIOgpe7pdQI2Pr3uR3/wYynGd56iIp6aTldIXREqjjISvUVbLkPFr/xqYNwJB7SMwic4J0QOnPoiL24TpeCv4G2poskkIfpcCFrspVoZuIeT8BjsGadZxZILlDZfyDBlhSIXLwzZg8yDe/enLb/ARc4R8FJ67NNF6hZjOTj2hZbgUDD1cSrW1Qf1hBP2j8dnJOGDvBBbcuu6vWI1WP6aVl3Wxut5aCfnAyMX/rILLWGLVKINflMNbNKSB4Bq1s4Q6Z5LFIHsRX6H/pXpdWZOM+B9hJMhKL1JkgxTXIxiKiUUafKTH5uMT3WhCV08Qm8l46Hylism1rwv2T3Aox629erEhQSnOON02VxjRWqsPNGiQXW4UTfp3jU5UOYw2Zjt9jGicwGBHk5xb2VK2Lz9HcgUz2wB5OvwQ+rm7B0pfsUC2OeaqJVy9gCpQ3jfvMIan9JmMCbJB+mF1yoQ+sYoxx1jXKfbw6v4+rmibwDYkd24WKHJjSTZyBfBW3JdfKYoeoq+BLA9TSkD/th7fp3fM2BGFFuOtCGry479DWSzlEJ7tki126thzfbqBA+Kb5iO89NNqBUZumQ/ZJ0JDwF4L3j/uPiZ5YYcrJXC4LXmDw92Y3wtn82kewsQZpWOr9KwqkflpmHAbTLbx6pL/3nw78LJYM1U0EawADmEGAebgW99HuGxqWGZWp4Mhg8vIFJf0UNBZ7cHcOr8W2eE57FQ0kd5XPPnGeqdbYszKxfwKKr1iIDt/xrqnLqcwM71NQlKigFGakB/rHyu7qVCEz5QmTA3F/mKIa1z6mkNR1boVnnlhyFL2aoUJHjRa04sjjBiudvaK9d69LMCmjt7cVpLRw68a6fOTvvtOt65iQOVkEOnoJBoUy6neFi8aaHkM8NR3/UF+svsHQJRf5QbmeYwZj9o7RptZyzOQCVpeE6ihFe8h1tQMyOr0C//eVxiF3Q0T75BhrNvpUwsgj26I896ope2OkkPMFq3Mkz4jajZj2nmc4LP2YzbKRqHcHbBCty8wMFEfhwwDrFl+LJJ+wRpMTiLF774Q966YOtaO95ssL3aeQTD9LPhhgu9JnzoVAEKXhm8Wz2zE+Q5uiuhbzuQSFal0sMRDt+1hBHCrzpVvCvl+Yd9/51uJcr3yT9TckYD/E8Tsjtz3w71/tzmBOCAsE1fpkn27Xj8NNpNUod2MXOUU6sHEJjvxxCQE0Mw14EUE86VQ+5S2XIs+S4SkUjo9LOcY47EpPwOu5BlIIMQc3pymoQTbg7/GB9HvVtB7lCknSPTj+c9vLhR0/HGH/8nPU39vtk+tMnWp15UTyW6d4MHqD6uSd0lVLgToljLSjrH+KaYgkU5CYjU7aEB+ozr/Y1/dnRVJbqDLfsHBjSkSjGErWzrVPG1mVzPut0gm/88ZDoUNG4e2jtO9dQobFCKRSczQPHf5fTkVVeSl2GjKcL+y0fsvg56TvMQWHnEr9pO9caGQMuSpl9aopKmG1eNLo4OkQxIkY74VulS9cAuzWXVbz8o7UOo00aYxdOnqZmp8SdRF+FeYWOb7gJStTaWixD8wMY/zeyk2lI2X4gxEkDIMtdldt4Qb5BlCNltTfRUhNYfoKKZDVJXiODrGK7XH0TnOOkHDgcXtHXrTeCPWGGGdFMSDEtsZNhZZKqGdMax35FNHSwHFekNb9UNV4orV8XYrJfzTbF3Kzm7Rq6D4jJOK2LGJtGDi5pyC5rRCWnX+ozzIJTTPtEH0h2UmRdteFjnzl2s01jmonR6dUivsmzc8BYnS11edPxrSvUNzBh+N+BOiVE9iZMppMg7WmTEymDJeG/9iPWtkXdG3DGsbQxsajdUA88dMPYjqbtnuJyjlejglWsTjK8w1UL/DVItFkaXKTPFklQETEUIrCRdoBWAJpKYsx+MrXNSPqT5dOJS3riluLLEAgmhLKxBJlRtJI5t8YPlpIKIb9uNF3OLNx66AryeXKB4icaeM24X1latgs9Z8xMsynjJU+dsHmpzrHnPh6G5tqf4d0AMFGco7OIbe+xIatmXIHt47Sn/d+wpB1dz8IpBhXlkJEhcVFXWqdOZ62JNoAqQoGPOr5vGHHZAeVowMbEs3CamxWRPNNzqTfNtgqIWEcSLIB2i4iBO214PUs8xI6dJu8pUgAMQjHJFCOqnE5KGCCvNwo6o8LJRH9jw3+PQhAsMfWbrLIsW06GuZq3Ygdg1pWsg1wLBkUlluJBB+6Mtin+flysn4xaQLgwz+OCArHV8jTtpt9Up4+7Cu84RLhmQZ7BfY7Mj9It32ld8NKcn6+dfJRd+hgMDyAqjZ/azOzb1s8MdrGaQEJ1rZLw9BDvHhAFL0010LTI5TixM40j/6daD6KKi21ZfsRS7mk5YjVUKOZBbEmO+xpybdEkLWfRpLbQ4ymInkXMpepdWiMsPC1g15Rq7DTQbhOJDoelBT2twRoJpi0GSw6COwUB9Q4aLIY8o1r6mJBaEmU+kOklDmjFUvIDUnWYQmcbYGoAgqQ2z27626PrHcwhy3XlhzR68UsiLo0/Q8EDG+dw5y499yQgJkD9JqFLtJvPG4HIvdN0NKnSDMjfI9PAwmYw22POJL+IfIvvwVms5wPJ2WTYMEf0Qmg7QEAlVF7oS6uyyuK/JkyESAbfgDoBB5Ko/YEQXdQG2bhzFlqH0wA1FcrVQtHd/1kd7gwe/u0Y0R7UMASl8J7ti1vq9ZYNZ0byHBdYr1zQ6Azmdzt7B8yo5oMNVKpzInPMqC9bqKKSgac15+eFef3sZ6LGTd1CueHs35x5cx2hU+dgLiRJjJBWwhHB7J8PJj1Ny9OD2TjX78HHJCQzITxEDACoxeWIx0cHH6z2V0m3sSbgGaW/2VYsKzGWEBLQ0UTmMPiQxlTySwfCq9KAyb90GMwszdY/Ed05mUTLgO+e0dIGUC4v2Nwe+EWowxdC4MBTOHnjvi0tO4brZ93ipwpojvPbt/ioRnoYdB5IyvBKnaHbbjfwV2hwkvU7oBcYeq/6Hyja9NfkH+Skht+gJRkM/LrqWFgN73FsQoL41dmLwMkT8FY/PhuCnXA5ns5+jEMbhlBqfplgDPJgF1xR6a7B17xtHRsqev+kuLKfddWNcF3DuL+cSngi7xxm1FrzOSwTO8vROiyxMxtwWTmnoHJfvw//5gvjjNjADSGruDSS6u5YCRiqwrCHdTDWwOCcFsnzY3oTtGZvPGVPXQ6hohR5UFixjTeB9Gp4CjO7cTYn24kpLVTV6G/WJsKILrMiWNIUzDeCTXxlPlQnnUYvfelaBO/za40u/DKQxjxvMSXEl1fQ5wz6ioLB4r4igmO29fClohdtP06dfmM48FH8+37m9PJZE88LE3Hs+Wce6pIzPHFkQdp6k6NGTCPf6jK0PN7Y+zVum6m4S85V1xL/jE3YLA71Bj/Og7ijpaNS3Nb6ghq+J6LmGNKFfTiCos+rYnDWIdxjOo02paaDRHZozNL9GjUWvyjSHOSzfV8LOWxEo3xiDaJTVPyg7tQc+jtEroieSY260LQvc4PgQLzQW8sBH8CNL9yu/w4r+9BzoIRWODhlTsRdRZkCh9qUHzVA7vv3rJqk0G5AntU2HmCd865UO/n62kALFChuCVSq4mQV9h3B56UTZ9j1vf01K2PTcIFQ/rlICD7GK7jEvImSjBLXZjmN/Q94qVdxhufsk0aIvM1Akbid8v9e/IreUDONeHUNBGUvWO1Qa+Lqdtj+QPV/4EfnDB+yyfoACjAQQEk5r/heVda5IoepOo4TZ+2sbuJg0K0KUQ1aezF6KqBDX04zDox02SqK++rb972MR3MhPrifbT67L4PfPbC7FKvxH1PwkWbUvlTagRqfnEYHlzsukT+5j5iLU01ZxdEWegpqqa14lTyOoIqVijWgLzALlVjdJYHBamXQ8GIlrQGBUFFxtD1RXsnrCwSeTnA1Q46BfXN077SC2RGOiXdxfFrfdmloBSkFOUl35XbYrErqAEEFMCJLQlHLkvyPUyyvJ9mpqyoBehvlg1CuLcobMZAKkcgq0VAnLyQLDWpo0kfLRfJd0r+ZGpu1S69PbJkevCnYl0L4Lpd5WvpM/+JWdGBiXlBa1PWjOjAkXsF+npK5KKm/Blu+JbdWREWlgbKmmR/7OnmHhmyunf4XFp4TtTIST2OPpjV6cpA+EskuhoDtf0dvs8aX1+dWAQ32IfOOMPgqG7AbzMcnCjToGMtiNCGLR7KW8jaWBEE2hk8p1Avij5FPgOLgFcNZX9JbEw8Xo+tMuDnnTuc5PUdWMEq9yC1B4VLsnkgaaaEAJQ8KHkyDWQ6T+Go9nALneA/KKvfd3dpT74FlilrWMNo0a2sAUf3h7pG85v9tp7BSJ8kPYv+schNV8o/PZHhIIhO4iIGOIMd2mnkUEuwnGdiGQ2f+VcvSWKKydYRAzlRywiWZ4GXYKvjV1V6Yw7c7vZs9MnXJQuxHx5YUXWTUMctxj4G6Vh24uEar4V588Kcg24ctKE26PYLb1dCi21+ZXUxq+tr3Evb6HdL3tTRSVplJlT8b6dJqEkbVBsWI34dhlHRBV0KE/3nkwHZ4IFkvC6T+4miaV+fjStzjsPI4CXs/OUoohppsc6STWY5mkLih1vOFJfxlLaJWFgye1yY6+iBdF6GmTBWbKPUMbUy0zq/2M7X5YT48F9Qn7L1+pKFW3VbkBLpB9sLcpgm0Zzupw1iZeKvLF1l8YYc0wBTbTYz07F0EYCTFf7hsM3WCnmJN1jlro99bcL8+2ykHG5J+iJ2SLkyTJqBQHMHka8Rqe7TG0ToNwpPvwO9B9t1bHeErPoGe4ZoP6HoTB0W1sQHzFlvU3lc4J8cmcVqCGjEMBLeH9EEXapA1Q9MnsZVaxa+K/7+sCSpqehXbDgK8IZPqp0lrGwIqaazVbjWcTPp8tEu9AJxrw5CS46/QO1gCB8vfI8BK0JASvqoczoKqGnKmYxda+yBVF/c3KpbhrY1DTkTrDKwz4Zr9LscLRAUwMVoB18lRWykCyQ/Q81MpVjDg5907OfBnuw2H+EaJpfEoynPaaePXYZ73o4q1CMaoow1dpHS0nyqsxFl9QJJo+qg92CjYoxn2cNNV/BtHZbdR4lW2LQq3pE0SM/Fyg0JV82J+yzdJk3hVO3fvERzyn5TmKXfbp+fbXb5owCHKNB4mVhloluHzZblbFxGKmb2pHrVFZzYqd6lQtaRbHsyJ9HmN5LGWCugPKrqb0DQuLtkVpYZ4J0BlbgN95MA9k0fmYNbDxGzGCFL98xDQHI3EVzpcZW8k9IEiuXYvsC5Ag/MWh/T4iiCNpvcUATFUNwXQZmzT8Suez4kZ0hI3/1JYpbzg/H9rPJBZPYA/2JOb55Y+Df1lxUfHv4oS+cH9WDJ3JNgM1CqjbQLRbNcjcgWBnz6VprasdZKsrtReJ3hYE9ED3SeinVmsVL1UvkgPKNwpGDgpNYSMZSDovYK7u5BnD3qhrkPqmy719rVzyoIrlWwgUC7UjXx3e3FnWlGvRjTe3pR7rQgc0H8lxLEHG9Uz3pRI+Mi2Y9qLMiLB0B28W4XQ7qv74B0/DU6hSl4demTlKxivaJvedoPiiiQu1p2XM50j52qywE9kZs4XQsHLv0Bibp+/NO62B12K5+lEkOWFPgh5BluzKIyRojRPARN168AHTwX5eQ9KdBZQ4vaARNZNvoU637BIDSCjW/JWTkTeM+42hrh+Eok1zmkBrw1PfSWQbeogcu0M5Kg/U/7jHhdYvubI96shjWm5TwVkBEn/NMAdPboB3n7047fWBCliIabWkVF/JOAmx0NbqfSXvGSnb9BrCxuZJLSUDN6fTkQth2ykiXrwEsH7Qvx0pzJ8pFgJ0Lj4sHEOuIiEq+zY9b+gUHXeMQRUGUeGRX/vc0WOgzPKy7hJ5fEeKw2taINO1ZTc0bLQCHoEQiciEmBo2m7hyHufnxczWjgXeoDAKgOWV5Ompb9VjtquJMWi0ITWPFT5REebb+AAz4fuorfLc+1p4z283ibhwLqW6QXX5YfQTlPzIIs8DCuxxr4jGPkxup+nvwmn5TTkKZ06mlaI9BynRg6wnt/NuTZsAy6+nQFk8IVvTPqq7pk66Bg1UB30iYRyHOlNe2dnD1+UqUF3+J5xgeLETUe4fWnEYuvzT2aSY3pT1Y88+0yTnepwuT5668XTO3Z9l7zH3JaKQEl9YWjZnSpOB4YCQcVTfN14N2+bmoU3adb3rYwCTRtYhuIaSmM5kYEF145j1T11JI4haXNq08az+qdBRgs3aQETfRa7uhZdjKMnH0IdB+K1XdSfp0vgG1lO39GwTe1IPj43c3zYyWCZMosM3G4KNauukLMmzmAVEOrycAlK9DFv3DYedGw/pnkO2CfaFlMW7mZQMs4y3W6FBmswyioJLAR5BWSLA7GIVvjJudIkLVaS9+JngoeUBbr2W29LmNAeiJCtuYDyUa1kKB6gFc11Dtuh0SiwIJtMz0GBVlcufDDZR/Qpn0saeVweXcJl/lm94OHkXSIN8Y9Mh94qgfnYofrY/koJPheia7XAtyrPXhpxZWFl2Y8XtEO5x2UjrKL8LV2IKwNebCw2UeNzaj10KnDHzA2yNkKYoBijBKY6rGX39VpU1ixUQxVeH5lkGLwovKWmXIcAd7UVS0v7tcmEzx8j2/RZlk4hAo80AumFfEMDtteZHFPuY7+jZfvMgtT6ng3W7K/oHu5BdBrdz+9lPZINEWHoLksh0fIpZ/0Gax5ML16cYS8GpzI9/i18bBFuUdGQ+Wssis9GVk8KnQzhIFWkAM2rkzsaBhzR67rbZHuHnjYXkV5qjOK3HNabgRHxgNJFVDPrrPvEbWNy70I8+rR2K80pGAMBZN2DYAS2LoQ8oiHoGY5hoq82mUoaFa8rkywZi/hIgP6CtooJuxYs7/esNXpiLp7IhFu9s/V269WBTMKqv+xMidwcQ2lLjmAZKtgf0xXKQWcD/bwkmYDXS4EDhlx6xNOPa4Sb5g/cVraOb5PL2E/3Xdthxb9r2HeomWAPneXLbb9hXeiy/WDtufPSCjABW7B1/KhGaJp8ZO1/v/H2J4a1Vaq7f56xg6PZRvof/4qDiRYryi53ZpTTSlkCwX2tpKPSN7BFosWzdpR1g6LXFtGOMpDXrrBsBQpYWBflrF/AZpbAlDHRUOtwiU4YEIbDKfBNfNLIh0Fqon5DpfbfzXS8hkWTPza/+A42UrewrSXDJpT+I80GLT/Ia7UjHvOyrJ+Y9P/xqe/PGtkD7b5S1adrl21563VsqKLZWbUI+R2ugdHzHAMc5GOC/yEga2iMVw2yx5ps96b5znCQazHhrD9hv3Ba3h+zaLY5Dz+rOoLh4z/D/SGElhtGC+pS+/oKnOErMGNlUqmgjrMdhixcYqPsxIraaFV+5ZhHeydlF+oXJSAnF8+BQmIk5nd+bSUgDfT3ludo8d9S70AGrJtIjnjUKjM2CfxQInvPrUwt3R6v+3FayRLchorboIdstnwCxYr48qdS2KECXqBmLXyOv17E2ACxlh4jW56WEUci5a4ofXhsPslFMcmHGcVD8ZwpndyVBCJOqA5SSl1TFviVWjxdpeWl5xTRseasvDPPKoWlhTacwsDDvRXNsRzwEn9EjBDa9Dvvn5sdicNaSP/tHZIkUeRRoSTahWfur19/MxNZYXh8z6zBxR/hSUnS4Sexz62/dTobnPS084ujwxXs3EKJxyKs07+pSkGmUDFhtCUImfwyg/+UdFStHjCXOMOoPijfz2jlmxzdinY46XcMgWCw8X2pTK9Lg1CLiV/yvz1kUDn+DOVpk6ATdfX+9+MBuEPvFPObLjTMtSkQOYBfP1ntnEWfEahHtJNTxFlAS+Q+zEppV62dGgFLGLMDcSK/NmzJ+xD5itFhmBK7+0xWKJK3LHxiAYsBWYN3IQEZBzbXTKrlBT8XxW+63yNAg2XMAYf57sC9TYWqXuHYHXTz9V4AMkTO6dcH3wRCxXYn4tkDRrZKqbEwUV1tJf4pGCMFdU4M/mYSqN/cOrTZxvKDDBmYojrDieUmyrplgSCqHvKXPopTxZPPMSCDRBIUGOPd56MAlWkp+dJ++SCFp+887TJSdmHvNZt1qo/WpeJXZE8eFxlmiN7ka+Mgg6FeewONwuvDB2VvdrHuK2d4X1EDdJ6b1j3e20bfgWaHuPF2UNh/tCVIG4OqDtrsnUY9l6LjYIrReUA1JtgHMLIpox1pZzocRZFdskz5pVEra30NuC2H4zFcDIYmxcQjkZrf+UrOQ5UiA8tzvNyUIxuK32tEZPMPQvH6EUdOf6yFtBVRaH0T4syxznVDp53f7QWkMuv0KXOVMyHPd0Tap9V3xX7CJ44uAjmXqo/uQJU9T/LyUySpFgxH393v6MkaG0wAm/F/evL65zgp79iZqXza6t1BXZCibSF3H90C+e91i1alUFpTfYjKXMkjavbe7ViJo17jyvCXTr+xXvG2qkcnLTxJZAannmZQb/dyQKjHzBXZhlcINlphbBTk8mllSwXMRwExZDA3PTtLnyQGazhBkZLG9IQKSAUqSJ/Dd15AOneIhpjg2dvA3iA+X+0f0ldn7ufHJ7RgHZU6z2AA/nHTi4F3pvr3HXssXA0aSwAT3heWzq8mnkn32uzhmLl3IzK5eahMOrbnn640xhNJWTQEevf9PzeDIvDwSNRvuyf9btnOAcmt+GrDDYLA0YvaWU1cIZ7BNj0OopjT9wNgAh3Gkkbn5fvCloOAfVZzmpXZpsOXWizdRKjDI4mUi/1VWEDtHyV8UiXjxUSmrKs0j7qVjKJ9HC4jU1JDtnc56XIoXvoDDD7JWmtIfeHIEgrj1A/ZGXLDiN/o1S2Iv2CipJe21zrx+wuCmKIxM9oWXK7JdzRJd23F7cqqSyaXPdw47VL586cEntxDRWixbHcQEifvELajPuQqWSHeT8z73rXJakZz3xMKfWMc0jAM1jU+F1XZ8CfNnzDV5z8VKCS8z0BWrMrka4SylVn89fRH51KmxpnSdk90j2v4Rch6OoVLZX32aXTI27nf/ftoQhxM+dNLc8vXNJDWG7GvSCDaDEvME6KyuQaCfMk6GVt+9TPw9i95+lYI+Bg53xoETIV/Dj1WjsfxltFZMswpdnsliTWhbHsL8pTHppWuN2Q3MRK3sPhyBMfnIFBaCwVTOryMSz333TLBLry8cJnAs0opAQtH1RAIthVXx5wUI1gIlYB5FSZebZKNfshxahMndLk7+AB6xFMuw+IBBCESOcFm8kNF7nm/IdEdW6jeAntc/gZ+XdjHUEZu3/c5CfJUefUk9o6cLDomfy5WiFmX9rHIP5i/zuqjwYHBNs4Qamdzs8/80QYiX0w9vO0Xdr+MPbErsh82ffjQRzaCaviA9oA3ODg4oxYNk14fIbBWrFWoCwA7qEGAICvMrQJmPlR+NbrPx+LfJACc5BvSDyGm+IkmRaw/YvAQakig2aaEpmnOIJxY5LTL3b8NyQBKbQcL3OuL+HZqEcR4cNMJah7dSHpOlzuNWIOfbmPjSQBUBwXKP1tKJ2ygn+iOh3XF13Yp6yeTi6V78Coew1U0wF4r3RE7H1W+ssKxJtJ0xDN6ljH+iiPqkWvlm4HecKvkhNZGCwXx3ZR680eJa1lNAORBaXOZpwEsZkO5qddud4lRWMNL67qp54PwTSzbCA+XEbvUapfjTQq8R4sVkxgvaWHB6sE97/LbcvH2O/vytKMO2Tzj16mh4FAbisK1vuxMR44jZulwNceFb9wuX4Q+i7u/9zb6LIjB8DTWm8ciUUTumiYc1opxZv1KnVyjryh+4fqnhYS6wlyP1We/81d32fxxegnusel2uB75ro1kjrFKNnlruEEY92VPBlSlSCZ5tqNxNwAc6O6uDeRIsi5SLGqiJZCyplE+c8kCAdhg9B36rJS7AgtzAuSsDP8SLahLOWR+GOUuB0Sv3dRd3x/N6puCBFopKfJyTSQuMxz4MBFyMPqEgmujzQCJY4BwRi20W8qRi9hQ34m4ymE8Iu9cddS38mRQiNU545X1jho/NYsph5crzDiuFm8viMo1OZwbR6jv0F+6DeOEz8POt37rh816xYh+/fFSu96P9QB7dcJVbXQCph4o89cVNaJXHmWJebKdiMwYvGa6MyOBRuycAzzs2NPU9u5Pa++IUt0YRNfY3VmEg3n+SuvRxxAtph/wQFo+zv2QmQF9OJ4BIaJs+U7ERU/Qp0+Se3Nmhzu7Yxxc4b4WkTqCDBKJ6qouS3GLGH2JPgprM/l50wvCIyy6qdYSnmIrWi+jI7sxQOJk3iXftgSDdy33PoMEO+WwkNAEWttCwFAL6U3ZM1pf9IBL+mTl1sOvC5AunwwzYUDAtrIfupQoRuiqGIsFgyzc4MMDjf69GuHgS0HX7UrsdUZ3l/YVg04GzjbOxM2aZnNPwGPOqh0D5HA3Mr/vmYEnNoOS1nwtqCpRj0DEx4OTUv6G2yrKIIIzjJmIHK0EuRB1xMi6ghY2lplX4GsJlfOPWY/Lbg4fvqmby2J/YO8xuyttUVgOCzlMG6Y9vwR9oLACVXeP0UNBhckvLgVys5n2ItadP+B2T/qqFbVmgelQRYoRXAChb3nvpau1lGRTwye/Y2qQu/XpgxAyFJVqT9r424FtR7Mx6dq36yoKXJzVUKPY+Ey7oMkju67GN5PTf4JouO4e1tIZiKJi0RYHk6IeueuuJXxevPseX/N+ye+hXGA11Ox948ifol4hQGD+Yf8ppcwKMy95FrhDxL1FFYXwSwBe+Jmcu5lqYT82bL73sv9syXucZzYqvKJUT3c7v7XUmqnb/lgQdzHMEhFS7Uqb7zN1BAl/HTMvp8iOzM6s+NDDKbiCvK36YFuJESjXlwZCUdzwrcEFXRbh5DpIV7rPtNbroGA0kUVxIKHSHg2yKG+BGMKQkMthBWFPMbkIsaGk8J5TGs6Wm34+agklBhr00zbPuwqdLZOzhL4hE1xMpUbGoY4Z32kvuWIACwgJrOeZPE3adDgYSbrb0+lLv/f6DoOhZAMmw9cO18hWd77OJxHfLy9tsy45Z9MP8pJdocpD1wc4F2bsXPwx6ZzHmVhs4Me1URNT5DxYzCnEb+8f0Gz5DFSgQW6beKjM0nufftFH4OHeLhQnKWpM1kaQGuNcAgLilml5Eaa4/K
PRIVATE
* 09/21/2022
** Summary

Had a coughing fit last night and didn't fall asleep until 2am. Woke
up at 7am and treated myself to coffee after yesterday's absence. Got
a chocolate croissant for Mariana who worked from home today.

Took Leche on the initial walk there and on one after standup. A few
behavior changes to the follow system which I focused on today. Also
wrote a stats endpoint.

Had tempeh sandwhich from Lokal. It was friggen trash. I remember why
I stayed away from that place for so long. The only good bread they
have there is the bahn mi bread. The sliced sourdough is
plasticy. Like it'd withstand fallout.

Reminds me of that mystery loaf of bread Andrew and I had in
college. We brought it over to our apartment when we moved in together
from our old place thinking it was the other's. One day in senior
year, I said "Andrew, when are gonna freaking eat you bread!". He
stopped whatever he was doing and popped in the hallway with a
surprised/horrified look of wonder. "That's not my bread dude!"

We both had the same judgement of the bread. "How could he buy this
thing and not eat it?" It had been in the cupboard for at least 2
years at this point. Unopened and not moldy. Orrowheat bread. Packaged
to last years. Good times.

Anyway, only the bahn mi for me here on out.

Went bouldering from 7-10pm. Moti and her boyfriend Andrew met up with
us. Mariana went hard on lots of routes. We tried lots of fun new dyno
ones. Made some good progress on them but didn't go as hard as last
time. Got that blue hangy v2 I wanted to get from last time. Gotta
start seeking out v3s.

Bedtime.

<<PRIVATE
db5f2b768e2e904bv4ZFwYGrhRIWK8SFDIOuPCBp1wddHqhIM2Z4MxU3M2BY4RpI5TWKrGloE69dcrDKioREevefp4Dmtyj1WvHh1cnwKvL7kMdfTBdlfqKeM06XzF60mAsxWy4Z8Q9bfg6YTw4LZNi2CKSiQMq+HkumYscRe6uSuq+scxxp+VpJRZwKhZCBibBOo3d5lFDt/hHjmx6jf5ozepOjlhuQ8LDY36NgC6g+0NNIV2zQrAt4ET2ouVVP9kEFBfElAbLuC2atK9TlxQWxzdFDCExk+YLJ4kxO2f17XZInFMSpKhr+BSeppzNcWG+FyquaLuvO/ioh4Hw4mYb2PIbTWQyp1/HrgwdEh3hUqJxK1QiD/qMGt4JaeoKSYze+RKlGS9Pg6IkIMdg5FUxL28ox6WAsG5eGcs3qTH8KNH05DJl9/rUsmCq/irCG0OSB82rh6dM=
PRIVATE
* 09/20/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 5:20am and made green tea with Laird mushroom powder mixed
in. The mushroom powder helps give the tea some body which I like as a
coffe replacement. Caffeine is mild and not overwhelming. Was
mindlessly unfocused for an hour and went through youtube
shorts. Hopped on walking treadmill by 6:30am.

Wrote integration test, fixed a migration issue for james. At lunch
dropped off mail. Ate quinoa soup for dinner. Gonna stop eating it,
not sitting well with me. At rice beans and greens for dinner.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
5c4e5d582c94f23bGK4Ohn/SPKX3rRUwNGT0Hzmghi0QwcP2/OtAunL2sDobQxmKDBP+TxTz/iNt4VK0IvpdBUo0r/YZtwYHwHKSXhqRHx91qHvjS92VAJWgVKbyZ/1xnHNAL817NFwqVc02da55JnvEyQZoKsNMnyCGyyX8PH/0yScGf0Jpiw==
PRIVATE
* 09/19/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and felt sick all day. Congested, nasal drip but also
low energy and mild phlem. I think it got cold last night and I only
had the one thin blanket on.

Merged the follows work, added an api for the web sup rendering, means
for supfam to reply to users and some other cleanup tasks.

We had an outage early in the morning because a migration wasn't run
before promoting images.

Had lunch with Mariana at the thai place around the corner. A coconut
mushroom soup with tofu. Delicious.

Did SL exercise after work. Had coffee in the morning and match in the
evening.

Tomorrow, I will wake up early and do pushups and walk on treadmill
for 90 min after having Matte. At lunch, I'll bike to the post office
to drop off mail.

I'm excited to have short hair again.

Going to bed now without the fan on tonight. Hoping that helps with
congestion.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/18/2022
** Summary

Woke up early for a Sunday. Watered plants and dreamt how I would
reorganize them today. Stepped in a huge dog poop left on our grass up
by our door. Mariana's blood boils for that stuff to which I said
"what are you gonna do?". She got upset with that phrase but I meant
it sincerely. Much of the day was sour because of that event.

Probably should have lifted weights to shake it. Instead, stuck flyers
over by Venice High School for Sup. Not sure it'll convert much as the
QR code is kinda hard to scan. Will try it again with smaller codes
next time (either in Venice High or closer, maybe Santa Monica College)

Went to fill up water and picked up some zuccini and garlic from
trader joes. Cashier at TJ was super chipper. They all are mostly. I
wonder if its a training thing or they only hire positive extroverts.

Earlier in the day I transplaneted the succulent I rescued from the
neighborhood to a bunch of small containers. Only the ones that had
started to root. I used our butcher knife to cut the giant foxtail
agave we found down to size for planting in the now vacant tub of
dirt. At first I used a bread knife but then went in for the much more
appropriate, machete-like cleaver. I realized I didn't cut it down
enough and decided to trim it more later in the day.

Later, I transplanted the straweberries in our box to just outside the
front porch. It's shady and sunny there but the key is that they'll
have room to run as they are want to do. Not interested in harvesting
those fruits so I'm happy to have the birds and squirrels take
them. Not sure Leche will like that. It will mean, I'll need to point
the hose over the fence occassionally to water them. Uprooted the
tomatoes as they were severely overgrown and hadn't yielded in a month
or so. Letting them compost a bit before turning them into the soil.

Trimmed the green onions too and harvested some for the soup I was
making. Sweet potato, orange carrots, 1c green lentils, 1c red
lentils, 1 c quinoa, 1.5 zuccini, 2c dino kale, 2c sliced green
onions, garlic powder, smoked paprika, bay leaves, garam masala, black
pepper, veggie boullon cubes, delicious

Threw the ball with Leche while the soup cooked. Ate the soup, picked
up Mariana from her Lexi's house where she was for most of the day
(pool party with her and Aerie)

Brushed Leche's teeth and wore a bentine clay mask before
showering. Felt good, face started pulsing.

Going to bed now

* 09/17/2022
** Summary

Mike pinged late last night about some android FCM
issue. Fixed. Grocery store (sprouts) in the evening. Watched Ides of
March and Mission Impossible 5 (part of it) before falling asleep

* 09/16/2022
** Summary
Focus of the day was to get follows feature built. Did.  Bouldering
with Mariana, Elle, Motti and her new boyfriend Andrew. Great
session. Fewer people than usual in the gym. Did a dyno by jumping
horizontally to big dome-y holds. Tried it several times. The first
clue came from guy in previous day's session. More hoppy than
jumpy. The second clue came from a guy who stuck the landing by
splaying his legs. His right leg hit the wall and countered his
momentum. I did that and stuck it. Did not get to the top hold after
that.

Later, re-tried the black v3 a few times. Mariana said "I think i have
to hold the first hold while bringing my foot to it". Just her saying
that unlocked it for me. I got unstuck past that point and will try
again later. Everyone else got burned out early so I went to the back
corner and did the six runs under v2 there. Great workout. Next time,
I'll start with the cave-like v2 blue with big turtle holds. It's
tiring to do late in the sessions.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/15/2022
** Summary

Mariana talked with her Mom for a long time last night so I slept in
the other room. Like a baby. Great sleep with meditation music on. It
did take a while to fall asleep though, so I didn't feel super rested
until after workout.

Set alarm way too early. Didn't wake up for before work workout but
did it at lunch. Felt great afterward. Progressive overload. Lift
heavier all the time.

Got the following work understood. Cut out all the old Disco code as a
pre-condition and added linter. Lots of room for code organization
improvements, but that's for another time. Small wins.

Should have the follows stuff done by Monday.

Mariana and I had ramen for dinner at the restaurant. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 09/14/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 8am and made coffee before standup at 9am. Walked Leche
after.

Got the new environment deployed and spec'd out new feature for
follows. Will knock it out before EOW.

Biked to CVS after work for stamps and protein powder.

Breakfast: PB, banana oatmeal shake
Lunch: vegetable soup with beans and tofu
Dinner: Spicy chicken burger and sweet potato fries from vegan joint

I'm going to wake up a lift weights before starting the day
tomorrow. Drink protein shake after as I'm wondering if I'm not eating
enough with all the work I've been doing.

Going to bed now while listening to mediation music.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/13/2022
** Summary

Woke up congested again. Possibly from wet hair in sleep? Maybe from
Leche hair in bedroom? Took allergy medicine today after much
struggling and it helped (zyrtec). Washed bedsheets incase dander.

Fixed font rendering in suptext. Topology spin down and new one
up. Need the instances running on it.

Two soups. Lunch and dinner. PB, banana, oatmeal for breakfast. Neck
was stiff all day too. Rubbing campour on it tonight.

Bed time. Took nyquil to aid with sleep and congestion

<<PRIVATE
d0642b9db24f03a1bY9S2MtIYSqQ7Hiqv9suCv5VqP9uBVynynqV0pFKuVhetlLtmR7yUiJAV3dkA13blg8St1S5dx8+rMU1+6gXnXeoGrweSzcj26rpiKe6uvB1AmAaAVqmydyZzzb+CkoNbknjyamav+CAy4ypooQftiHhOzqphaQ9FWaUk1TKwqyG7fxjIYpiBvQPenoehDrGsRFJ8S5yEsQkhxF2i4y6ZplkR6NwHkoUKXLxLcHOLY3Jo05QWkDJOHVvTV5pWGCR9kBhtC1gRYvOrtNJ/CASCiSLzXUtLzjCMOgU0xdEifNczLYDnFlvTvg0XOFskORd9pgU669yA33TmVggadCcan1yxaiqZ0BrA+zAIhEg6P+jGE/tLRMEIt+RsEk38DGz6R+gr6I6bHoQ/m/KKuUZquX/NEJv0TpPT2XFM3FtsrgQ6UTt+RtIFiqa27Ft3ftgZPVcy98+q95XdEskXGl30fySRbL4VyagiQ0KvYYs3XF1FV6d88P98IcLhnDWdMBt6AQm/CVFD4eEiAuX4UoEdb3/MW0dRQ1hC2EsCFU7pxoTJUR2vlXdzXuy6ckok6ZgjneSMcmvAbPalmyySwHs92yavotYT2zJWBYPsE2LnfH8m4PhM6FT6dgm00U=
PRIVATE
* 09/12/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/11/2022
<<PRIVATE
3d6e32045b2931ce093aPH9WnURx1te8MkPiPKC6/pDF/0jPsApJOekzKFLoGt3t4agpq9PBEtW+sfkyisMVRkfZeMYFwSlGVbtlEIbuQWjZER6Wfn0xwXW1koccNpvAGDRn+QWvVD1Vk/IIuDhyhpOQUtjaPvHdrqromUm5ufxwlBAifhebP/osPS88HEOr7a0XkgDWPQGsyf7fibPHh3Cvamn4Wf5pVqrkgzVCWZ83SIc/ATOYpp6IxSU=
PRIVATE
* 09/10/2022
<<PRIVATE
31221130c17347d22SPfSoiA1QteON0ySMqyIfZNjUJPSbJKMBnl+tINzxSAiTsM2iCBztCGpnjIov3aGM7U+0599n04+QhGV6mC0Y8wKATsAnZqxLxPNxGryUxz4oxao6vrXRN0ZrHK3CmSeRhjPeBw9nkywzxoNeazIJrmk0Y0GDNy1Jlg5vR3oOUbevLHy88HZ+tLybTP+9XHWAIpsN/3aYyIL6VbLrfdyrnFBhk6+ky5
PRIVATE
* 09/09/2022
** Summary

Slept in the office in order to not have the AC running while
slept. On top of sheets, bare ass. Congestion not as bad today. Made
coffee at home. Billy announced my promotion and I said some diarhea
of the mouth. Not great but not terrible. Onward.

Got the lambda working but need it hooked up to gateway. Outage today
from shipping an untest bit of code. Will work with team make avoid
that in the future. No bueno.

Tofu sandwhich for lunch at 4pm. Rock climbed with Mariana at
7:30pm. Moti joined. Moti has a new bf named Andrew. Ran into him at
farmers market about a month ago.

Going to watch a movie in bed with Mariana. Might fall asleep though.

<<PRIVATE
e970334c4c432794JfDIbLKSq8QZp+b5kAFl2wAKXzDkLXHXkROZmclXTjVJDNxX1GwuWRcG6ovdrTnzt6gIGsY2lEXDq5MGH3YNDnhj0E8pxci7WO5Lglevqc954tIOBcJtDjMS7QYrmCdhOnNyNksukQBNuWO6UGfQi01s1Uhj67pOAIF2w8gjjB/q7yrTY2bGIsVCzCBb8XNCP8ke6R2AsJnkB8URKh65ZaLULrKnQOX6RQjHa9j6lPMa8ZYsLfZuCpz/cPsqjOtIMk1pg9yJNzakmK6Q2GqiottP+BQA2Ry6uboB+LYK7xZqjq4l/BN3sOHxIJltyO1yxZwF02MTTTSmnUKh+0DY7sm+CW7d4dxRiHsJXxF+BVs9/tCXGhlnKmK5LaYmlGi+BGBDuBxtIoxV3qYA4yIq6PGCz11TTDB/gKvGJAVpX4Oofo0SDseeEI7bVZq9Jf8TayqWAFIQ744qN+0MlidDz+JEVcivsRTUHHIqafowX7sZ/cRyio//a9LBQGP0hXvCxlX4bTHsxAO1OE4STkcFML1ToPeVkK4e60Cb3g6jEkRzATFFGwh3Pw7omUHSxCorODyUPucP/wnlW7PYWa8qRh280sLdFeCLgAVC6vYwDUpcxwI9KVyjdOj3jVKcsLJ1bdK0NiKv/L5DKDqj4/Tk01luZbPjoQE6ykNjxOUfCrW3/6qONxVsH/bMLceht6RSWsTqIfhhyH4baquLslq7e9ZyClfKUyxMTN21aG6HiqNMtCWd+BtIs7oNpHu9sMVM61CKByWI9IisocIVc/DQJJmoZK3wyiuhfGfq1iKKL0MtBasJhg0FyXOhYXen/V92wDhe/FG8/xAXCkwPCG8lVdZoycqzCsV4DzgQOoghEq1bwrOyvExTropT0N8ZB0JqXH77y14of2j/Vjf1cky/wCMHXz1DFpRBhu4d5vkA+6pjAB3Vwnujr9o1S9/zjF4u9eaT+I7wIfY3igjFGTTFTvfLHh90SzUFfb1qugHo/O78TMQatppTCeG4ZecycMpQHzMvE40jmaqrsoO5xHUR/kEOwA6YiFFtCcCJdV0NrIkAPizTAr1hhhaAun11IHpCzUADPqAZPq7Z5dsWn9/dJJ1IwEiwKhAryt2A4VAEXlPDn/FJkwWyzPhBpe8FOeyS+bw/EUSmUde9NLwSUCe9i8o7iNLvGde5loONkJyqOI4/Ip5yE1u3ZPyUqPx6HBCb2xhnt5MZ10NGXzaxhQmGXmqmoLx4Bsr0WedRaKPvGQvBNlDywZGe9CUtcWMYfxraEgCbsYgeQUoOGKQh/2MP1tB+G8ZE2gZr4wELbaE+ksrFHpMFb4gpsYAAuvJDYA69wvbI34d1GIJylsQ1JVvpV3dqwfS1AJB8ieqtqgNg0iLl9OuwGXymCQbnulSksMRytZNx5tNb7XCkY89CneqARHV7xz4G3k/7pFGqkEGoc9it2f/jI7A3ashTiVQTMc6BnZEp3zQyjsZBEdwZUAHQ9gS6iavXE24fOvEKKS37gLBJa312liueVwyABBWlCpPd4P03XGIJ+agW1a7PkEufXLrPKY8LB3h8QATk/lGqWXj8rkpCJIKUA2Uno2zfClKZW+2FV1XaoFffVfhGECBa/vC8fQZY2th3l+zlYRgtKRW52tDrn8DfwxirEcTadfKZaZgTuMSpWQWh/RRHmmvRVP5Ez/SKx+cz6GD2QtuRzClFte1mnKRRIEs3rPeQkvhtWiIVDariXzr4VXVVAE+cIWuaiF8XCIabSILZohRwogvh7lFhsatH0qw0dcdY/7rgoizss9AhGQo5Di1b6iD3LWRVtes9Hf5gnsaSTNeW9i+I8mve4WI/ei2NskuASwH+2tQ5cDgAWjptyWIlRqzmB0W8GsksC86lxtm2ggXx+fS4zEi85MkbMwyDZQvNeDi00ISRmNnPdYfNaJqQYP5cPUM/J6er9ACDRzcdrCO/AFmJXQK5MsgvPOinhUc6puuHQcMpw4s1URMor5t5Y/R5o3E81Emkh1lSQDdLuPQQREGz7g7x+GIhxZOkhjNDM4m8jjLAeV+CQWenKn406MR21XUja2/phuYb7zFbghZgdfcwq5+2XzfrAYCDqKPIsCBVauWZxo4py7tGOklyhhSCDTYgQCsG5Pafq2FE5hFuaz0O0KzcI8Qu6Y81qf7PSkdR/dGOAC/H4Wa3vIVCZSMuGP3j2w7b1iztWQKszxcia5XzEaowKOp+XqZvPIPCuKHtNdPmojr61m2ScNi3vDNDEDGYU3Ij+hsfQZ4kmU6GhZcAVv3i68da6yuzffAMVcoRsi29puVDVgMg2rzCEoUQlqBAN2q9Cs8ib8mDdaPz/Zz966OgoJCtU+Ikc/GbHAlWVFiAgw2Z2XdP4bu75pbU/c2cU5tCshkSeJKlIjIQHGi2ZeZx7/AprJnbwGS+WySv4SFiTKRQyJwHMeKYCr88DRCrdNblidlAOpGMHaiQ1w914KKVTXhfzDsGktFMPGmOmzNPy817NUiqx3xPBiVnshi1n21JNnkZVwZui1vvd2XYaQyrA7zWQx3Wew6lLlMvCW8Dyba924XL9SjDzxLaW7DHJl8UkH1y/MVMvFSqSZfNYL2skMkzVU6tQCgaV5FWvDMHBpCBfigLKhx0g7J199uemPyCLJFOkT0O515gf4vu7NuNI/oraHNQnKTKsQsKGRMMUFFAHJpteKb94QAtmoMg8V01U041fIC4iM8HrCm7519YCi6C+fpxIvCdBdpDf8Trv7cEzp/c1+k7tPJbdkm+YbNiyICmy5bWMgLQDRnAuclafq9d0wByzQI=
PRIVATE
* 09/08/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am and did SL workout. Coffee and coffee bag from
Naoum's before standup. Walked Leche after. Wrote suptext code. Chat
with Wolfram about deploy. Debugged outage and mitigated error.

Crazy stuffy again today. Not running the air conditioner
tonight. Took decongestants and allergy drugs to force sleep.

Going to bed now. Reading first.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/07/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 8am and made black tea for breakfast. Standup at 9am then
Leche walk. Made banana, pb, oatmeal, mushroom powder smoothie. Had
coffee with lunch.

Days feel transactional by the time I get to write this. Hot. Not very
focused right now. Pushups haven't been a focus either.

Went bouldering with Mariana from 7pm-9pm. Had soup for lunch, veggie
rice for dinner.

Tomorrow, I'm going to work on a lambda to convert text to image.

Going to read Ready Player One then fall asleep to meditation music.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/06/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am. Picked up coffee and latte for Mariana from
Nauom's. Messaged Billy about the future. Standup at 9am. Leche walk
after. Road was getting painted a light grey color by the city to help
with temperature.

Kale, banana smoothie for breakfast. Soup for lunch and dinner. It was
so dang hot today. Leche didn't want to go on short walks throughout
the day.

Mariana finished Leche's food and water ceramic bowls. Talked with
Jeff Zie about his project.

Going to bed now and will read

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 09/05/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 9am and went to neighboring hotel's beach. On the way there
we ran into a pack of stray dogs who got defensive we were near there
home. Mariana gripped me and hid behind me as the dogs approached. A
little disorienting as I didn't know how many dogs there were and
Mariana was moving me like a human shield. After a second, I made
sense of the situation and got friggen pumped and aggressive with the
dogs. Spread my arms wide and growled the shit out of them. I looked
at them like it was their last day alive. They got scared and backed
away. Some still kept barking from their home in the abandoned boats
on the shore. We had just walked too close to their homes. Respect. We
walked the rest of the way on the other side of the beach. On the way
back, the same. They didn't bark on the way back either. Truce. Again,
respect.

Hung out at the beach for an hour. Clean water. Sun was out. Walked
back home to shower before having long lunch at hotel restaurant. Same
taxi guy from yesterday picked us up at 2pm as we requested for the
aiport. Super hot and breezeless in the van ride to airport.

Airport security took less than 10min. Sat in terminal. Ordered a
matcha for me and an oreo frappuccino for Mariana.

Read "Ready Player One" on plane. Maru picked us up from airport. At
home, Leche was excited to see us. Mariana and I both agreed she had
more "papitis" than "mamitis" though. Tango was excited to see us
too. Good dogs. Walked them both around the neighborhood before going
with Mariana to pick up empanadas from place across the street. They
didn't have enough so we went to a place just up the street from them
for more. I didn't order any. Ate three bananas and some pistachios
and held out for Taco Bell later.

Stray dog in the street. Ran inside to get some food and water for
it. It was too afraid to take it so I poured the food on the
street. Hopefully it found its way to it.

Packed the car and headed for the border. New path cuts about 5min off
our time to get to Sentri line. Longer wait than usual, but still only
20min or so. Went for gas ($50) and coffee (starbucks coldbrew) and
Taco Bell (black bean crunchwrap, no sour cream, no cheese) and bean
burritos. Only ate one burrito. Crunch wrap was awesome.

Listened to two "My First Million" podcasts. I need to write my notes
on the episodes in github. Worthy studies.

Going to bed now.

* 09/04/2022
** Summary

Woke up and had breakfast of coffee at hotel restaurant. Tipped too
much. Went to big boat where we would spend the day exploring
islands. Put sunscreen on first because we were entering protected
waters.

First stop was 45min away. Swam with sea lions ("lobo marino") but had
to use lifevests with our snorkles. Super chill, didn't have to do any
work with those life vests. Sealions were great to see up close. Even
more interesting than in Baia de Los Angeles because we could watch
them dive 50ft below while they fished.

Hopped back in the boat and went to an island where we snorkled
without vests. Mariana found a snorkel and mask she kept for
herself. I picked up a giant rock from the bottom of the sea and got
some allergic reaction from the anenomy or coral on it. Put the rock
back. Arm was okay but better to have not moved the rock. In Baia de
Los Angeles a few years ago, did the same thing but there wasn't as
much life in those waters I guess.

Went back home and tipped the crew. Had ceviche lunch at sea. Rested
for a bit before going into town for dinner. Mariana chose a pizza
place. She wasn't happy with the spot. They forgot her order but
eventually brought it. I had spaghetti, salad and 1.5 mango lasis.

Walked around the boardwalk for a bit. Mariana got scared of some
homeless dude and got defensive when talking about it afterward. The
dude was creepy and got me upset too.

Went home and read.

* 09/03/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 6am and left house by 6:30am for airport. Maru drove
us. Bought our domestic paper work and went through gate. Had
breakfast at VIPs, a nostalgic restaurant of Mariana's
childhood. Slept off and on on the plane. Seats were very thin,
cushionless and didn't recline.

Got to La Paz and taxi'd to hotel. Stayed at hotel beach all day. Ate
lunch of ceviche atun and broke WFPB routine. Ordered rice and beans
too but wasn't enough. Had a fish soup for dinner.

Went to bed watching Tom Cruise's "Collateral". Good but not a
timeless movie. Mariana pointed out its his only role where he played
the villain.

Upstairs neighbors sounded like they were on drugs. Moving furniture
all night, running across the room. Dropping things, knocking on their
door with quick taps. Strange.

* 09/02/2022
** Summary
Had the day off today before flight to La Paz. Had coffee (matcha)
with Maru at Starbucks, ate vegan lunch with her up the street, went
to Home Depot with her to buy some pots for her yard. Dropped off car
at car wash. Should always get the 400 peso wash. It's great and I
can't tell the difference between the 20000 peso one. Read "Ready
Player One" while Mariana worked. Took a short nap. Watched "Nope"
with Mariana at Cinepolis. Good movie, liked it better than "Get Out"

* 09/01/2022
** Summary
Woke up super congested after the AC was blowing in the room for half
the night and I had half covers on. Made coffee and had standup then
call with Billy. Will do some future talking this weekend with
Mariana.

Took Leche for a walk. Super hot today. By 10am it was 80+ deg. Ran
into Chris (neighbor) on the walk. Both commented how it was instead
sweat weather stepping outside.

Worked on the unlisted queue but was pretty distracted with congestion
all day. Felt like 10lbs of fluid left my body through my
nose. Exhausting having to blow it every few minutes. Hot shower, tea,
lots of liquid, soup, nasal spary, advil decongestant all didn't do
much to help. Hoping good night sleep will.

Drove to TJ at 10pm. Got here by 12:30am. Took Leche for a short
bathroom walk and Maru gave Leche some food.

Going to bed now. Pretty hot. Sleeping above the sheets.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 08/31/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 7am. Great sleep after sleeping under only one sheet. Made
coffee and oatmeal with peach, banana, apple, flax, cinnamon and
almond milk.

Listened to spec and work shipped. Chat with Charles about feature.

Chat with Chase then later with Jeff.

Looking forward to unplugging this weekend. Bedtime.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/30/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7 and did SL workout. Coffee by 8:45am, 9am standup. Talked
with Billy after standup. Took Leche on a walk after. Deploye history
feature, m4a file extension, prep for design discussion with charles,
made /download links render a play button in iMessage unfurl.

Grocery store after work. Cereal from CVS for Mariana. Water from
water store.

Made jackfruit, tofu, corn tacos for lunch and dinner. Need to start
eating more leafy greens. Definitely ate two too many tacos for
dinner. Tired after.

Energy great throughout the day due to morning workout. Will go on
walk tomorrow morning before work.

Bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/29/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am. Got a coffee from Naoum's and had standup at
9am. Leche walk afterward.

Work was focused. A few tense parts. Possibly because of
coffee. Prototyped the history feature, chat with Wolfram for a bit on
some features to build.

Threw the ball with Leche at lunch and after work. Made shrimp pasta
for Mariana and ate leftover vegan lassagna (Engine 2 diet).

We rescheduled the climb session for wednesday. Mariana wanted to
watch TV after work (there till 7pm)

Bed time. App is looking good for app store but lots of features and
tests to do.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/28/2022
Didn't set an alarm today but woke up at 7:30am to a Sup from my
Dad. Looks like its working for him after last night's fix.

Made coffee. Had papaya,banana, oatmeal, chia seed smoothie for
breakfast. Met up with Matthew and Bree in the neighborhood. Had lunch
at Simpang. Went to Commissary for a coffee (I had a oatmilk matcha)
afterward.

At home discussed Sup and future. Dreams. Enneagram. Dao. Board game
(fighting serpents).

Mariana back from her trip at 9pm. We walked around the
neighborhood. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 08/27/2022
Made some roadmaps today.

<<PRIVATE
df0caa3ead700ec1+BNoi4UJv5YNynkE4ET7QkHnuzGt4IMQY1Mu8r08Kyjx3kfS8/QXcNEOVsJZpIyp1I37kYxeC3BNSH6DQKrUFCiGDSlHNRkbJVGSl+l6VTdHBLPYV3EYZLVqp698YT63JFmq4PS7erAvZ0c1yRncHE+LeyXZQJ9ujtc2TRlQbeZWMbRkg6pQ21/pf2N8OQQI8BX0A1gb0rhowTKS3pMdhVIyjekMliybDE9iiI26nhqAW1+BI1e0nnLT9LOOus+Y2EWAeOuEErDOciMSO6ML/tJEe45QsGILltBrb6bbvPb34gHhhnVTVbvzlY0t6L4XHapyS0ISlbW+PMorhUyoKy48aZYnWfHix2QtzDtRwrsa/F+VaOY0TXTxtqLP22WvQIBWvMDB24KbGSVhEo0RgCTbQza/BTcMU5eG+cVfajK8oskccpieKipq9i7eoxkW2TXwWFqm++toNo9wAYWReU6jLpeCiS3udboNbcFaUZaxqCX9RLQ/hYY7vP8AGEKzxeBMeKveaJmNu+Bjo9EkzGSJ1cRE3wJxIZLgTkUjRgFckdXG9MqM3rRbp7THRJ+nMWUUjgQuZ99Pk8AcHzjd4o+dMHoXjOrHhHFfeUfPCKKvcUPraxaDyJAyTCMwXQK/hEpBAI6ejB6kChJm7ct5LO52x9WjyGeydH1fX0tQHBvPXpkYIs/rxOii/OTyg6iCa/V+bs+ZVjDAEF9TeLo9kBbWwjbwXwHe6IGHhI75ArqZc1Y81qz7aD2U/g+UC6IpvLBjSXD75/5Fvlo+qQVGBY0M3/XBn6gwvy904lNZ1AlyRCco9Kuo5pM+mM1s7JqHYAOGd8Rc0QEDd/c7EuMUFaXqRdZw+YbuDJ3T4WIGPNS+A2Ofjd5ndhJHNKFhdL9Zlbiom7EnEaU9Frwg9lwtK0K4LO9o/i2j4Rkr5WF0RJVqjAf9WK4L7IuKlSKVuEd0bemina9OGaItP0SA8Ll3Hx0654EIkx78OOHBoMQ5bBh7cNIA1DAaGD29qN5xShyHKR+4ipQIONfX+YyJv/gwAszh1x8bl7krTr2kKqqo0oSgsEhLXxUp6pwYT5/lmAxVOtFOuwX0jMuD/qmgfyMlwTVXvQoI3UsIiuKAzH6ykMBpDJzFTqRxd0yGNvfAvy8hGdI9rzRCugJthgloVs3UAsyLAptL1cXUuM7RrrkuVHjebe1dOELwcmSGA6ShgglgtxoXAQUN0KX5+goJ+uQ3clgC48tJgDO8ijwa7e98yp1lpnolxoN62t2uWZYS7rdmabhETiReYtGFFOR3wBvzxKfeBYEtztfC95x3DnoCaO6tLS8sDA3SjeqwBtsoabq8ZMbLHj7LcBloKQDIT03jnscj2N3QRVfmbW3diXtXccnr/xD3wmSq72xJG4ukRTZgPv21oyROYpvYer5zFHScFpJ1ndm07a6bxnChw+SQE4YUcBYzOaQN/9OE77x7mV+VK8BgaStDmKFOF+00HrOpkhdqof4jF4E7L0GvJBR9PA0a62zvEIrhQtJkkE8+2OpAdw3oLhdjaZm91FQ23GHpxy4VkvCo2K/PSq9KM2kSSfTR3673p5FjIH3JfwZry/ubiGc7KsoG6TaaghlBtyItdusxL4gfnb7dFnREFn6zxjsWu6hE9HNKNOgkMgElZgfyEq30sHB0nBXLBg0wgFKauQqq/R7luAz9jNvgPNhXZCtiAaasY9ujLWr5f2isbJGIzaORI4o5AyDKmkJ/6S3frROya3XbTJfuR/Yl4Rfx8qTGSN8lzfGafnEkOSuLN8D/JRWkhe0sMAYv1ik5pzGzoTx/oQ5NwHhtJ//vz9UfEbwWe96w6Z84mtPCmi3q8Xld23lXeIQCqyzxxOV6uxtbOwidLs0NNrouXspaZM/LjdB8goA/KHIs4WYm2WFV/8Kq/PAvx3PKBVZjHtWIYg5r9XKTZfR+5mqCfbEinaNxW/uO+XrJY8bGbba4Hb+OoeETWOSCQ/masSDdsEVpVMkGAe5ilfSK7up57TXMdRB8dGJwhgViyZQsRFdpkLM6UGWflg8yT+AtVW8BAQKCWwLJCatKr262kdFyQw49NkCy8qViz5ittBor4ssk4zZFdRDUV/eSgs83HcQtS+rYquJlZtvyDvZYQR2RvB2PfKiRZlPHfmlIt3QNTiBRtQ4LJYcgTRUCIXFXJsC6s1muqb21Yqh2nerqlCUFSEhHUZxVVDqvmeZeScz1MnaZ/zYrsZVGzPzTKI4XwVGEIFKgk1Sgw23F3L8bmBHdG/TahPUR+wBAfWi+/GCNW9ycWpRYN8th7fLut9L/jG2QwLFcoiZSffVZLmPrftBa9geQfMokH4Fpdgw+y4X4QfMoMZTdJ9bWJsyQBGA/LYUOHZJAg3+tfiVykHAXVUIRRIRih/O0tvXN9kygGQpP/l4woUPJFMNZvkX5QExDD1P7c+wGwYqUljtEF/fN329szOwts6uGk0R4Voom678xMJ5aYDi4I3+rI7mYFt8qmj2hUnp5HIeG91YyY/IXqnBIMNdIAMykuFRKgmm2mrXn7F/Qq6zgDrKUQHkKRy1q17zWyujdV+/tB5FAqvi9m5ohaUyLlXTVLdvfpAKU2b6JxRc8Ahw1jHChlr4IFXNqcq6IlF3OS25jQjww45dLaAlIyIIllVpdX8SB6xt646TyUZWLB8sBLZ48F7Otym51KM1NYWdJkow6wL6gPy9xv28vdWXWHxpiwJ2FxdtcaJ5vYEyc8umSiNprYpzaImWL0KVYjdBusygci8VWAlnOu1akg1IOeo5+ILNBO04AQvTWZZKXcoLnJYIMefkVhwYaRzKWlweZinD/+MWJaexCzrsxLpJysiyf8Zsu6LWPlCXjwfNS3CIjwW8nGmn7FWeYiLrHKriQehXswR5iju5HS6hprzz+P2xW/HmEnM37LQFtqRrPOuDLzdPZ3vYrtqjTd6bSHVOTPeaTmoDVaf4GwFv7mZLjCO1Tt/O9Ls//y2hxljQj7a/rnNDR9XMKmiQkzN+rpYLb5TII5Rcw6B3lVbNpNibXGarUxMjet2xu3K/V+4KPl8iTCmxMTgG8gGyfUToQABo7crUTbefuutrsJw7UoUkxsS9w+bGU0kYZjuOlXzlyvnH8bT1XlrjXUyUuHft4MdRsjoPi1rvt3y4acpjd/b5/d53vbDUiP2fd/FJmkrfk9CeQN4cUpdQLz4t3R6uulQOssbF6h0GO18vliM5y8L6y08P3wtClKrXXPJwlGTXaDdDR7qHq8hLry18ZZaD0miYBkjsmHSQVFjArK9KtJ89unuxjc/AMYDM8NOJ3O3i6pG1M13Ry3BZskmZTwf3SSKvQD/i2LlDddZ7ZMyMC+DcyPKTgrcA8MBz8mV1SF9KGqPazeSusJWHScjmPzy8HFHHWZZjt00Gc1DGTRPOtSPYdnM2xstQToB3ie0wLHTPlYHyX17RlBtSxakW5rsJX7e+dl/PnVEP4ADKuThpFDCXdLiqPfsYLocoL1Z6tUgFb0jKKYJ4b9g+spVYyC6m0V48t+Dqocea6r3Uwp2ffaazSJcTMFdHLCbpQ8pRMj0qSo5DzIB/M6z/GghrcQrOoR87loS3Cv21FDbR0hOd1XXWys6b0C1JlfYXTBWEBxUvSQT9ZZ/z34x4ScuC6BaouDhH6R8iOiffphiqQ76tlo8umpY6y/4T0jEdRXlrgzKSNUptz0FmGxshdTqQtiUKwV6nJ8vrZeL02USYCxTanTUPgM8F7F46AoeVa+EXiPw/oXLBHrrH+mFHrxyvskSamU8B0s1smDcRP6hRBAtKs6yA0xzlLaEKh38NNAxQtynoPztLBuwYZqmLQ6X1zjh3mxIqbAhQWQ8SFNAu/0Z80IqH82LpDmYVGG4Lk+ZvukGt05LPcliZFZHbtpMAsU4O2uI35GVjNHhyvEE56w5/sDXTFRMhJupfUGT/LDUZZlBZn9I3/+kJxLMN9yiNho7+h1QsJcfpyiApGrYq7OYKd23gGD+K0A1+MxJPCZnEN3n4/s4kNvrwYlToiduui7iytoWkIYK2a/tjudnByH5PxfMLJxkN+QPBestTGR3zGJ21oSAOfeypDmG4zNh3DeO+fRmlYHmeYQvNca0GSeipRGt1WGwMW+VBRJzxjddk0Lcme7ZCkAooUFbi55NiBNbps2GSws7dET2CXOeGPQ/41xCyDVGqdSqnLdcYEXeyVA2qCPfpJIukuG/UiAIgxicLvuvm8uq04eS0ASCrooe/cyz6zMOXOuXpr9CSJImVe0Gbnfq9yi/Om4GFE9OUXwySKsz8KJXSKKVFYk7o9wY1jw21HfPqLxXTesQgzrgKpwpNcDzKZIAmOqDuN0atAd37Q/6j9MDn4dVXqmhqVSLWuVm6/xqQGyyieX4KClgp8/pS+KBepgUv6kj8jVNT0oHbLYS6ocNfO44G6EmgirNsD6hgE0qT9zZsdMck/dvVgOyypSXr7DrQVnbQ3aOLTSAYWLDI3/bHpA7jk8WdsjO9UupAiFM+KvgA2zim21XG1TKGrIzUMYCc2nSvJe+42uNC+jzHrGr0wWLh5ylIx5BnIMV8nMY/RId8O05wdv+LGk8vFiZYvyYAlb1lem6SYXYYVRYv0sCIPzVblb8NlbVMnh+qZO/h+lxrx2KQ8l5uXxjvJPIl2oLL3QLQXNd+DCwsh2s0xhKxU05iRWLiI36fMEIo9w8OlhQh5XwdtaF2dtav1ky42kuEA40+XxEbmRzhQJtVasB+J7oSxWMdkmRxnt4fdOYbk9iIajaNq2ukRJViHi5rrDpax4ym/wA1eMwPGtlx28L4dellQaQqYamnhq/XwDqri3ZM0ZOiVlQjleJEu2oBihpEojWp7+s1/FcnMvmGr/Bvm58rqhiPQ/AV10PfoitMv+mQNxH54CuWY0rUnVIqypeIZUdrI/sf65Sh0V625vQr540507zjCuy9dppftu8aPW+nAwOSdKX83pOREcTG8yKB7JDYK2f/nXlSzGlKYiD7NeSGR8UcYr8zNFQhzfmMAgeCaDjIfKTEc9QO/PnnXMzOvxyOsLrqEPoPKmK0QDefjIBen1WwvQxp/Nae55bqv1usP2GOz3jBfWxZjEqcZpDaJt9HNmZ/8DRKlsbvdLVxdJF6gs0VoCG7ojrcF+D2q4fKxAkQwuzzo6Cqx3jGnZgq9FZJv52KGTMgJWAVKXhK2zg6X9MQpWGfmzj78AhL9Jck7N+inoE3RlzsbUA33No9eE7VbxPNev8bgQkP/CgU+TrJEEEf/CdbPhkmO4QHuv6Vdhd504nqoMIvbm5SIbmg2i0hSOx6So6wdvoT635AqIZiRrDDAIvFc68pHiSysWH+lQd6NlVCvAV/Jrtt3GS6bQ2VS/nkfdtQEG/Eopk3FF2wZ8oykmi/nl4p9FupZs1GWYpfwsaoxNW0O4Y6FxZF/5ROfhqFNI4UWMUJSIO6juwgMvXA9s7IWZEami3XPt9IZm9bJ3yq+MUOMFJOK+yudIj2ZtI6kf8ERvPdXY543MTJJBde/DfdBa+2XDymencAtfh5PcheSVSnEr9uBdM5CGxqcvOUIHm7aQuZ2GRQm/bj6H9BZYjDtujGTv0Tr0os2jgFDz1mcEO3Dpbfz98FSEwquxPI1xvP1UrXzmxSK7Hb+MKCx9gEV5wHReilwMr5IMkndVmXiwPJBEmKMULOu4eHc3AENQa1BULbHRVLPiTT4a6rb7D+L3ZdZthc2ybA=
PRIVATE
* 08/26/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am and was pretty friggen congested all day. Maybe
because AC was on all night? Not sleeping with it on tonight. New APIs
out, seed users, determined user_devices is worth refactoring.

Oatmeal for breakfast with coffee. Ramen with sweet potato, kale,
zucchini and tofu for lunch. Kale, potato, red beans, zuccini with
curry powder for dinner.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/25/2022
** Summary

Fasted today for annual physical and blood test. Coffee in the
morning, matcha (tea) in afternoon. Sandwhich and bean chips to break
fast. Slipped on WFPB.

Meditation in the morning. Deployed new images and fix bug.

Going to bed early

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/24/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/23/2022

Good day. Talked with Billy about what I see as the vision of the
product and how I can help grow the company there. Two talks. That was
the main focus but did give some work done on the auth system.

Great energy all day. It's refreshing to listen and reflect on
goals. Sent messages of love to friends and family today. Some calls,
some texts.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/22/2022
** Summary
Going to bed early as the last few days wiped me out.

<<PRIVATE
f00631ace6241adbL4dOj0WAw4KahsVYi6m76hiyBVjpxRCo+OEMBg8vfVKuBs++n7tFBtS06OTh1VtxWc+U52K0//El3siJbn+MFf9FhOIgFiGMkvP2PIEfH3jBXcvu6MhiICG91eJgl5W4OFuQ/i1OT6UsRbBqi4Ou+3E1qqoJV1RByFDzGm+Nc5Q4tZ1RSs6Hiw8Eyu4Si26GcoUmQuQFYw4I4y0IltqOi/vVIZncXgtSwnkPcYcbrzGFYQdTuB6Suc/MvciWeaO/NBPFRriN16kyQA+PeGluEY/5SqBzrh6eQkuAensFWFwPuz1W6ha5HVQso9OqmLbhMiBsuwNBAvyO729DOW/XnhHFpWHjLYSC/Dxs3gsBem0C0T7zoWo1E5l10kg/FXZc9cvY479o1dKzfUMolfJXFeWjXyQaRy9HT+3XvDu+QJSMMJSmcjXRALX/3CCjE1kYhOt9PLeYiQY2bl9waH1hZggFoklSIKwP34Dz/ESBwnDqkKWq1IMxyzZ9DR9Bu3fU44CQ78aRVpotrB29wTGOkrsTMae3T6AsSfKlFeHwAybiGzkhG/BzpYYPcpDnIacVf+QiQ61r7AswUHQB9J4BdmXsxRIXYpS+q7Whi/HQuwWJmPfe8KzwQnVdhn4mhxK0gKulLLSONPbm4LH3qeF+Rd0vMX9P88cB8ujKyu9s6G7lnkFzU6Vfuqyzh6VTJppvFOj7KQScI0wX29hSzmOfhLFhbotsqFwwoQjFsJBa6bTOF9iqbFNkZpKT0jw6TlsmKQVi8dTmBVnlpXNvzN+k5JpF+2usvkC7fWaIQejxT0K4tambGHcNqZGV1QEA8FuDSFtfMp5CieGr4dIG8z4CtPUwitrM8JQ7aSyJqbS7HnzrphlBErs/XU1Xpns4X4FEQAlMKB/tbZSPGhHKbse59tF50o345Y/vEZHg5HgzfbT202qWzSz+DSz0qt9lNZ9xqrEnJ2pakC0s8qZV5o78RONRTocRr4MPgvTBM3YEoRjZ7WJ310Kq8hpo83y35pKlTbATRFA2ZD4oyybuBU5hu4HskTboVAllLllKim/K7qdFoIi0UhA+BdXYB2LTkN6bxyGKXK127JBX34J4q4fTkP2D1eL6mhe8iVE9nvCeHkGrUYEE3NZ8XdqXFWThXNPTGZ1gT4O/JoojGf2oI/sPGNnWlvi3cmTWrjC2HghdT2fsgxIkQNtPCoUFODAHPgVM8bl4yDmY+i/YyudjOUmD/qB2xhgQhfnDesr8FbItaNj6bpdzUjV05bI1+WImSbS1HQdQ6+ZK8Gu/Jb4ZAbXPHQSkEC/6JGWHp0w8AkjI52x/PyXpEctTGTLLX/HH8eMVOL+s1nI2Mgh64LpaBU/38dudDNPqvq47wntnVG+x+RVGKUi5Upst2v28STBz+NuKYqK6YQqwZ9FdA/Ypo4Djlj/YddekFMQHYA+oEBGcktYpg2R1Kbg7LzQzY/kMATxtJ8Gr8LO89cdBYLRINoZDnmidlN/olgV9wzuVC0PWt61kLR1lQTHjvW8kavYpmccIKyXroKUH9TFp6igpThpeenbehGcffP/ggPEVSGxN0FWTxd9sLcU/JbywsscUit/d4oYPYHq34BQm2rkjBnBdNm3P2594W2mOUezmbDGSJXYjmywXwyWjkFe8/gQyhOUZynOAxJvL4fw2f7DCJYzYWB5UUtahmR87QWki0+ciEz3TXyx0xEdnlTg9nIEJmdSnT7eI9rbqaPhKKl1+rp0GEuMyAKScQuERD2A5HOFxnqffLMZHDGuOJmBsmki8uzjrDSGBonjKRzQd6zADBPnKwc8JSrFi7ecwWMefAORZE09gj6JSG6imxIe6WW2Pe9q//xD8xG7Kw8vvMOqD+GaddpOyJ9R/9fdx4VLUC6O3hLtAO42cnekhySnRXHo1amMbAmsBGopZL9W3AM/RUigHLlm9+ufH9zj4mXs1zLf25LbVQ9Ed8YQSHZEGynxkIiniiLzyU1oheToFRqZcBWAO7NyxZLGiEnneuTnkObCt8pgUW7Nn+1q28B+yT6Vl9zHRoRhHQ8FNjEzBH2l+k8VwcfVDrkqvSf3uoh8ZbkxrBXJ9G2pS3sbIQroBuHv88aa82hZoa+AGRbqfxgXDn2k8uzMlV/dA3yePmK1G3fodyxwjE7SGSdgi1vVi9kIhU36heHZ5hdLITaDfMeUGxc2lZMKr0I40b0yOR5RgYRsiIafXnjm7uf4c2Cnb/gVs8P7bY95YEdHSekqWhRXwujItj+YAfPIKQNn9hkvS/MxiFW7HTz9CO1JvO4Vdd8D1/H08NyTO+uN8suDtiRNCghV8udd+gaWKn3rsNRoQR/Qi68Fp0FEHhxTWorVf2a5LRrTaKrwTGS08ID0D0r5XOrAMuFovdJhf/2aZsKyGfAZJeQF5R7/0ZU6Z3pYiqDsB6lFcUxv4YQogjoAjjQvEn4rXRj67Hb+iHc2gLGP6s1fZoBKyYyqOfByBCpqSkAogFgrAwg2WM6YhlZZ2URDcWUy+Xk+uSgQzkjUKxghektm8gy/ZhJmVHtuK1Oe0K0hEDoBExmr+ig==
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
7468f5a95f0e86ddoVxVShUL1SIKl0aoFOiJlIYDS53EiHhrnPwp391EiM1jzBYS+X8mWCAMNP10biBau6S3Fu01+Iowj+yP8hjZytCCc6hgdQghOsbM4CycWJ4T5TDoqT2e1YZHwBrsishlcuquXhezbffK3B/ufWobwepbklja0CEW9UFpqUkNTZVZAi/K+6jGm4wTrngfFjzc1KPbSC9jI80xs9paiv45tRN8t4i7DNlnAGtlYO9uekNmiph3spLZLy4GegY9LJbgQEcr5opANkxwEHQsWgYFMHnrpH865Kw/5YRFraTDpNXC/O8qakT8J380m6xG2Qn9J+ea7aC4o7iTX4/de1bSBYwmlZonANq+Wvlbbg3YFue+3QPa0JBdhit0CQq6/L3JA5icX35MUKqKAAPb
PRIVATE
* 08/21/2022
** Summary
* 08/20/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/19/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 08/18/2022
** Summary

I woke up, made coffee and listened to TBOY pod before hopping on
standup call at 9am. Ran standup as Billy is out this weekend for
wedding.

Went through Fauna's FQL tutorial and got really familiar with their
structure. It's a great solution for us in the CF lambda world (price,
performance, scale).

Threw the ball with Leche at lunch and after work since we'd be away
for Sabrina's birthday dinner at 8pm. Went to restaurant called Atrium
in Los Feliz. Nice place, but I don't think the food was worth it. I
think the best food in LA are more divy places. Places without all the
pomp.

Got back around 11:30 and gave Leche a leftover pork rib from everyone
else's dinner. I ate 3 bricks of ramen and vegetables before heading
over in case we didn't order food I could eat. Surprisingly one dish
was excactly on diet: a vegetable and quinoa tagine. Lots of other
dishes had oil or dairy. I still tried a few of the oil dishes (fresh
baked sourdough).

Leche loved the pork rib we brought back. Mariana will give her the
next one to experience that joy. Leche is usually excited to see us
after we return from an event but she's suuuuper happy when we return
with a bone or snack for her.

Cold enough to sleep with window open and tried. Tossed and turned for
a while so went back to scheduled AC.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/17/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am and made coffee. 9am standup. Walked with Leche
after. Paired with Wolfram to test split db change. Synced with James
to test notifications (found a bug in user.settings).

Spec'd out the work to cut over to cloudflare. Got dev / prod APIs
up. Reading more about Fauna session management. Made ramen for
dinner. Ordered Chinese for Mariana. On evening walk with Leche, we
ran into 5 neighbor dogs. Skyler and Lauren--the owners of Cashew--got
a new frenchy puppy named Pistachio. Cute, small dog.

Lots of work ahead to do the CF cutover, but it will be worth it.

By Monday, we should be in a good place to share with the team.

Did workout in late evening. Goin

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/16/2022
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/15/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am. Made coffee. Standup at 9am. Walked Leche
after. Back and forth with Wolfram a few times about feature he added
and what to build next. Focused on building the lambda cron. Took too
long. Got it deployed though. Fixed prompt times.

Going to bed now. Didn't do pushups.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/14/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am, made coffee and continued reading "Status as a
Service". Texted neighbors that neighborhood dog walk would happen at
6pm. Went on walk with Mariana at 10am. Super hot outside. We both
walked with mugs of coffee. Mistake. Given heat and no breakfast
temperament was bad. Leche was slow to walk too.

John and Ellie are moving out of the neighborhood. Invited them for
dinner before they leave. A group dog walk this week too.

Did SL workout around 3pm. Sold speakers and speaker stand at
2:30pm. Threw the ball with Leche. Fenced off driveway for her to
runaround while I finished reading "Status as a Service".

Went to Sprouts on a last minute notice to buy ramen for dinner. Have
enough vegetables, beans and tofu for meals this week.

Watched "Game Night" with Mariana. Pretty funny. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
d3f7da7da6303dbbK1hXoxxuWpme1Im+bs6jUhqUQ8yTZdlIK+EgVow6tWJUwAcUYLqxQ6L+NfacctI9Q9CElfieGMkVJgn9GbLbr3T5Ky59V/8jr08eQh8WD6FYtXG/UNhF0rBZ4sPu/he/wPOWL/PwdCruMAQ78F4Kr7OfUAc93YUkXawd3STpKmdFEewweGWhvsMq+GCiwuuOL7UBDH3pI7YtA1KgCDPvKmTg83P0hCGU
PRIVATE
* 08/13/2022
** Summary

Went to beach for Sabrina's bday. Leche didn't want to go to daycare
when we dropped her off. Manhattan beach was pretty packed. Not as hot
as it usually is. Picked up sandwiches and snacks from Naoums before
heading over.

I read and tooks on "Status as a Service". Thought about the new product.

* 08/12/2022
** Summary
Got a working version of the app working today. Friggen
awesome. Made some feature changes for both apps.

<<PRIVATE
8c84bf2853a1b42e+OLK8X/XSxyYFiR25rJ91+DBKOb1BVcNhwcqmHlwqMnmxXw8fyZXR06tsTZv3XQElNy6oQIn0ZvWDrEWUw9HmS6qGsDN1ucT8vbiLWjhNlRwx8Dn/ngxMol6G+rB3KtwIITGBHX/EzbDjqIN5R7ZmC1+YISFe0xlDA2sqKBB4qnBcmRF+VK0yv+uNiEUIFLNW7kzjv9RNNTvwxtbIThkoXnpfItW9iHkVtCWQTDDupcVOxwGhsJNAYoQ/vuB0Y6/SRuHAxNdNao0uonCOM0JA00iRRsbC9WEruDHXa1O7MuMj8Nl873pRP9qJOG7K6RIi4W/fE1mZTN5OlhGLqB5haRVEZBO08pyHmFHWcI0RXra2mlPcZiG25MX8JfL7+/Ja2ae/GgfbaKzOTZPIrkasPS+xGP8lEdR7RQjQlpUejYG6qmD6jJG2g5XNdUa3vw/4aYbpFEg2r31h9a89DEQMx+cDsxYtWTdaMcyuvF5ftTSGo3P4v8kifMpLeU539OoGcfjZJx5lhLhbvuulZTdV2mkGnWvrQ1N/cfXw3Oi3EocQbckkFAaOouPtf79xLve2Ix3Sq4HzpuaWmXoi1yNkziIfOfGpNRIOVqaWjs6JokPs7rUST9I0Wn8AKpcTslKXxRvF4uu6s0XmAMAY1O4wbCgzSNFAnnRW2hK7r/V+DZ01NJ+ncTZ9y8eyUoAxG7UgHR6XC+2eppXPQNzmsn1wKPfL+t5yj+8BNh6g5ckA4kF5X5faoNF4ZtEN2GiZvSsaj3g9J3MGviP5zaWUC7Tpm2b5xJs4Nbs1YgWHuCV/865GVNV5QNU9u5owwD89B60X9QAHPPoG0C0Gnk96iJ4V7wsmJClBXSqsSRMZ0isg3ZCH/raMnaLxEQevNSMVzEUrngHuBY4cmzcZ0Mj/RG/yGU5leyu5w5e2iCOL7C6PlnQKgN3AtrT0hGKQNOapyKLETY09MAXBJEbqgNoCbWc3Gmpl45qOxeOsR7420RDgcdixna3w66qXGj+nfoDiroIKeY4rux1GimjPu8DyzhK5Ofeg9eM6Qh7CNyKaeqqWzHagQn18SzwJw7yK+2wdkLbD7bUo3IdRR/ynrIRtOr4iMfq4JOtizJ+MnRwHdfgg/bESCIKD+xNpJ3y3aFV2ILrLrtIR44+RfKy632QE0NK7tnidY+Zw6RfsQlM9O9THvsU9NczVwBWzqi5kABPf3ddXU96lfffIjRyE5EQSkGHPO8L4eEXp9+UA5P0CmWkqotA8U4jZR4djshxzD0VennOu+pyvp+VdDysKz+XU+pEnN5e2n3s3ifUniy6GkRdy2UOLToDlT5ob1YIpFXp4t208rX/xopaaTWQGVJwe1OMdU6s/po2ZPq6POSb7cWM4nZ4yYaixl04U4Z7m2QIXgsob0h1ibRikMXAqT5HzYXUs+nx6RI0I8FLJrxANqARSEDaoxlSxwmb3L6jNmPFC0uhztAX3vYJ5OjhsCldD1g5d27vVoH45Wo4t4jWUXGvsYny6zKKv+5soX5KLDowYSLJ2OZs1nyVWqWs+0t40djgG5sskM0A9lwNXkqNC/f3NlrqEaU8AQmx8hrRb+qtEgK666MyHat8tDq/sxT3K9Oe03lsulQ65L9ieNaf7v1th7ANIWmVdXjYkhdmLxVsMoLJuSrF4g8naaRcADTk/gjLyMXVePZZGwu6ZEG7oQk5d0sMrYjcATuQ/dHf0mmbKZ6bNXrFWzYid73JFQGQDx4yH0y15PqRni1ik4iUVECsXExATvnlcYMD6MMHO+UdOQYy/+gxcSkTXJFHFEMe9enTcnpxjWNTQAT5C83akgWhK+U/lDJEVAc5kav5mTsESaaskBD1T1MlqNOnPyoNwrm1vJuythj8fhzH0jRUu9cdOLqu9bVuKpTGXsEBYpZug3tMVOaQHnfCnITeHZ6E+VTi+p9GH0Pvx68CCF9Adzw1XbdHIH+PNs546SDydYQJ2cpT9CZIvJhzklqXkQRE+gaL1n1sQscZvazyVT/7Y2stAfz/u9mj3evfSGAY668WyNEFR3I8rqzwawb+4NtEeInWfgYMAlwVC35ZbZH6HQE5UUEmCkQo1vo6I8uBXaMtnT2ijgE8QIWH4/ZlOoKk5Wbhhyd7ogx/b43KeqpW7iqfEHgZQ+OQBi0xPCn3qaS3oDhMA4Yiq9hWcqML4uqRqBDUTvTBuDjbubxpyRbsS341rEuVsWlhgIN6X/aid3Adkp3DfFRsKbE7N0SS3UBbo++l8OplAuK4ypYIijCTQo0Hj/CbIrX6hjx0YFTA/baD1TVVu1FBUhTGisADGVK5YWQAR0853pBfIgLPYLpJ7Sj1bxBr7wRf2uLuLmh6hTKNBeXEwf1QkpMbnfcMsU8VW61S2jud2oZz9FgFFZGYeLda16IOYPDkwL5A5Onkoj3wt5nszm626+JWtzdbEyES3ey0Fc7PHWh8RAlNJmXlqaonVFcm9OZKvT0dwq3LESTrwDRu+ulSoA+JnWtHHewBVwTDvCRBpCYUYX8Oke79EAldzdy9EMS4ptrkx+XqL10MF95W
PRIVATE
* 08/11/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:15am. My alarm had been ringing for some time though
the first one was the soft sounding one. Made and finished coffee and
did a workout by 7:30am. With coffee, I looked up how to request
simple analytics stats and post to slack.

Standup at 9am. Synced with James later. Worked with Billy to get
sounds playing on sup. New spec for prompts API for james. Long chat
with Billy in our regular meeting. Prompted me to ping Tyler Brock
with some questions. Smart guy, love chattin' with him.

Chat with Tim for a bit too. Funny story about his moving into his new
place. Glad it all worked out. They'll look back and laugh because it
really is an amazing place.

Ate leftover vegetable noodle soup for lunch. Simple salad with
chicpeas and sweet potatos for dinner. Delicious.

Leche, Mariana and I went on our night walk. Found some foam yoga
blocks on the street. One was still wrapped. Took them home and played
with them with Leche for a bit.

Going to sleep now. Excited to see the new Sup demo from Billy and get
fix up for James. In fact, might draft that now before bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/10/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 6am and made coffee. Drank it all before doing a SL
workout at 7:30am. Almost went back to bed but had short vision of
doing that over and over again for years to come and had enough sense
to stay awake. Still, made coffee and listened to pop-news (TBOY
podcast) about recent events in the market.

Workout was focused on high volume with better form (so less
weight). 10x5 for squat and bench. 120lbs for both. Mixed push ups
in. Did it in 35minutes. Made oatmeal with banana, apple, flax,
raisins after.

Standup at 9am where I said my day's goal to get Cloudflare
pushnotifications working. I thought I would have to go a WASM route
to get the necessary signatures created for apple push notifications
but nope, the WebCrypto APIs are sufficient. Still, I tried nearly
route I could think of (openssl wasm, crypto.js, etc). At one point it
occurred to me that we could just pre-generate the tokens (for every
30min of the day) but that'd be grounds for saying CF probably isn't
worth it.

Made a weird wrap for lunch, inspired by the "napa chickpea wrap" I
got at ORD, the Chicago airport. Made a tofu chipotle "mayo". The
airport wrap was sweeter, crunchier and creamier. Mine didn't have any
of that. Chipotle tofu mayo, chickpeas, purple sourkraut, lettuce,
tortilla, diced turnips for crunch. It was good but not super tasty
like the ORD one. ORD one had small raisins for sweet and celery for
crunch. Lettuce might have been layered between the tortilla? Will try
again.

Leche threw up a bit this morning at the end of our walk. I think due
to the heat. She didn't eat or drink anything before. She was fine the
rest of the day. Ate all her food once I added a bit of cheese to it.

Made a big pot of vegetable soup. Canned white and red beans,
potatoes, carrots, zuccini, canned corn, canned tomatoes, fresh
tomatoes from garden, one white onion, two cloves garlic, half nob of
vegetable boullon (unnecessary), water, curly noodles. Added some
fresh mint and basil to mine. Bomb. I'm super tired now though. It
might be from the white Sapote fruit I ate for dessert. Boy was it
delicious but boy am I tired! Mariana thinks it is because I woke up
early but I know the difference between natural tired and drug
tired. This hit about 20min into our walk right after the fruit
too. Could also be that I was cleaned the seeds of the fruit which
apparently have some sleep inducing compounds. Geez.

Okay bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/09/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:00am and made coffee. Mariana and Leche woke up at 9am
during standup. Took Leche on a walk after. Stopped to pick up toilet
paper from market but the guy's card reader was broken so after three
attempts, we came home empty handed.

Got TP, water and groceries during lunch. Made potato and bean soup
for dinner. Potatoes and greens for lunch.

Farmers market after work to pick up fruit. Lots of apples, grapes,
tangerines, lettuce, pluots and this fruit call sapote
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_sapote). Excited to have it with
breakfast.

Spent the whole day downloading xcode. Eventually got Sup on my phone
and receiving messages sent via CLI took with Provider Auth
token. Trying to translate the openssl requirements to WebCrypto but
no luck so far. The digest is not in base64, maybe its as a simple as
encoding it? Will try again with fresh eyes.

Going to bed now. I walked for two hours on treadmill but pretty sure
I didn't do my pushups. Today and yesterday blurred into each other.

<<PRIVATE
e39b7c01cb1a453eyl7byCK27oHJSW28dZyxB7RYiafj4SYd39khJE6dSi+y1WhC5DZPBKKazz6hTignLRZPEunjzKMmOQSriJyqVa9tVBwlZVYuEj++Lyr+yDPZTsC+rVmzlHrPm6iNhKFIyBvhhfIxRGvsd7UzrMlLFezzEI5+vcbk1TCiFlVjXwGUacUTGYybnQRsUihK4CxzcpftBOgm8raoCIWnSONQtRiSOYff1WHHFY1nkESUIuMcJ/HhX6oQKBdNnezWr9PXANc0R5L2I/9Sq++pys4HBBEyXnUV3AIVy+WYXsfWVkzxbxc6F+HpqMjVn+aAS8eLOYaU8Ja6GkhRtOSYKcrE8wSyQfKAG1SRku0Bo8q8Bl2+Z1xkbC7R6ZcBqvHJXqluWlQws5qOXL3J7KIdDDlr48H1msMFCcNo
PRIVATE
* 08/08/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and made coffee. Downloaded Tandem, the new
coworking software and hopped on standup call.

Focused work day. We all said the work left and what's to be done
(instead of giving our statuses). I worked on some requested Disco and
Sup a features and tried to get app built on my phone so I could
register a real push device token. Want to write the push notification
code in Cloudflare's worker environment.

Spent a good chunk of time debugging that. Had to upgrade macOS and
xcode. Xcode is still downloading.

Worked out after work. Felt great. Will do another set tomorrow
morning. Chest and full body focused.

Played chess with Mariana after work. Nice and relaxing. Really fun. I
think we played for an hour or so. I won after some good defense on
her part. It's been like four years since we've played. Was really
fun.

Made three vegan veggie burritos and watched a bit of Whiplash with
Mariana. Going to bed now, though will leave computer on in other room
so xcode can continue

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 08/07/2022
** Summary

I woke up, made coffee and took Leche on a walk around the
neighborhood. Went swimming with Mariana from 1pm to 3pm. Took her to
this fancy new donut place in our neighborhood. I got a matcha, she
got an iced chai with two donuts.

Went back and took Leche for a walk. Picked up flea medicine for
Leche. Figured out how to upload files to R2 via cloudflare
worker. Watched Get Out and Room. Went to bed around midnight or 1am

<<PRIVATE
bf2d73047635e0bdyjnvqrkVlflW/3G2YIOgAMw3NTOYUoKgAe0dobMu5loUGid3cIO8mh8jfwmgMdZZMPf9YLDJESsf7Er3qUubagn9RZstznA0mi6zrCDHKpDMUHBU1lQ23XDEtBW0cfHjeEchK1y0rSpjw1QBaOhx2xXoF73mtjLUV8GEPGcaTBRg4dTE7hLzGEXKFhkf/yz4HszASggIffnreAxmVZZ7yrgI0iamFxk2JJxJsjZAKiZGIVFkf2vJDwuo5Q2ApElv0c6yOW2J3cSaSTVs4xIUlKgXLO2HrU8QXw2Xnvsdq+JicFInTa/N/DKRT8/S3OHSgHvY448glgklgll5zfqRRjgmtYw=
PRIVATE
* 08/06/2022
** Summary
Flying back to LA today. Went to bed late after working with team
late. Did not get working demo of Sup. More than a bummer.

Listened to "My First Million" podcast episodes on flights back. ORD
-> SEA, SEA -> LAX. Took taxi home since my data plan is used up on
phone.

Happy to be home.

Leche was super happy to see me. Gave her her bone to eat while
supervised. She loved it.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
1cfdc22c8a0c563eC6s8uwzCynUk4VRvOfAHauytFA2qqABnB3uV+ozwqYCM/d3CVetcu0sfdQ0ImYvPjJ6ntS9jzl+pKRcF4Q5t1/+GE5hbk2zp4/wRC+5gyeU0NH3btE7J2zyGBap/lmKX42msVrk0CnX+8/JAypBwzVGNma8QyZV7Y4ls3qqmYUbfGeO2nukZq/o7hKiZtX2QjoaOszu4kA++0Tc7q4Yhxrr7FIgqefuM1t+l0I+gorczcOAr/wEY/xcOI+MKRc/JKsaFTqxBKghCBrGjK4tH8HaNoDHh4lo/NcX43avKvvQHDysvkZ2WrmzpIEFpd1p2xNOVZrB5aIOZpY3PTKzyPMwcIVSCt1QuMiK6WIZbe2mgfuxJpR53aTl+FjR7j/VmXh5DmQkYmbjR0ONfb3lcs7S0kPbGwhg38bHRa7/fzrROFOSwQmENobomjrGRoHG0HVdIxrLLQ5V7JyJumMk0oqxPgXSG7QS5GxNZfyDsDcdc1JAAtmzKi5ziBsliCMc8hapWzGT/YlC7ASpJwljB1NLWf9jQYU6negLIqXwLedEasOz+p62Eo5C8V8Bw7MRiesDVF0WBMGiC435nEvzXBfMvNSXw/5qbYVVKIq9gAxv7MYVhPk2IyixUKWbYQo+q6IDebwU9FlSnPNb+NG7iynTrh3pHRwSy8w1SjAyDMBIOD1XoQLqiRVgtIZAi9zKbuLtyVhVQWTJA8YU6yZGQmld50L+VAg3xcReVBjg7zG/bP+s+wIspC3+xz47Cyt9sQOu5sbXy2fccuhhrp3P22514VS5cftIeQ1Kk8kUGtrJAnMelkCS9mGsrk6w8gBDfGZ+BfWwPtt5n2VyeWAQtdFStaDf//5hL+PQAqRZ6LZxDNq9DNasD43qFzDXEXE1P5p8xz0bcCMVqJ++QN5RFQS2UgUvnBDiUSNc8hPUjyskl/Wf6NmxY3VgNrdZkaGG1ekZHGMnQHM4PcUfcNSPyA02VYqn5Q+98cfxNmlCQCmwYOtxhF/ZYnnfbvSA94Zc/Q65Jq67eY2w8RREJpXaoB0Xz4UoDWVZlkRtLiNE/jg/AUgi7KAAdh7vRB2U8BAeIQ4ZMRx7T5SMLU1+qaVa7hzGaINcXFEhNxsRD4iw9xP8yYUr2OkdxqfsPD4WSvGVGtlCjQV9CTugoRnXv17RsauPEynkAIyobmE9GqdwriGfDi88xEc77Q4maI7mYvLvHBmg9REIdl4668vHMfgCHa+pzf0XCSwTO9+nlRzoTmGWnDyjqvJjloz5/4jK7Jq9tOIqkZ2WdVx7GnES6bQCvutNZuKHZe9yAL725906+RnIokcMnAlh9V0AONT1i6foelYF3cQ2BU2oQlicLW/OaCJJKgGpklyDrh4R0YvVbqCwJQnYdU34yvQKUDqgPfXmkCEFX+XLGen0hWuuTIcnL8ZHYR/hyzckyRWMiNtqbdAKGaxkSlGjwbETKjkfLT1lPaeLpV7CYvjEfx34iOxMkvTTmMdQfChe/QWNQaNjYHeYMurzC66t4KnORXSCoY1c7tydyOAR6afgWC5J4AYVgI2AGRHpChCBqAMb+KqDknTtIA/CdeaVlynD5PLeL1SXZuBMLxHbfJotB7WOXZZwiOJygoIcdWK+n+vorH5lAii4dDz0xmj7DsQ7JxfskCXmdeijf9yEmDqf2cyM/ye27b33CWlhRa7+yBPbCfJ64YWRutNNw2kKy7nm7cmjiGozDVHCEnZ4612KBasQNQuVu5qeQPfV69mA7PRSino6foSNwjLqDyw9RAmeuJ/Ak4Om75oo9yS2jVfn5mJawSKY7tthlD4OPygLoxuXweTHvb7vT2bUFFNeNqm6lS4JeMWH0c8xJ9S/hUiKwsTwlPk2ZGimcXB06LCXsRjobFoB1akhIYdW7TyWi7OpQVT7sq2FbF53WLgODRHMQSYdOYz38RCJLAFlxeSzg/SUeZEUdpgIvFerGAgBVbtffhUwbt1NBg4waol1AN5QZ2GEQKBL9U11pOQ42/Y63OuAQ1haoN2J80jPxUCud+A7HoOHS/6ld2/337QwmRhfN75+YJ0HMnH+tZghoVbn0I3Xrpj9UjCcye0+/9tqegY95+s2tXhSutJ0qvPNDE3fNaHe55SRhPgTd6l0H3TubR/oHzcjV5Gd3DWRXEjf8h+BM9ffE6ETqVemwqpsyZ9XD9HC0ugRxwg3wSN0U4QLt9uF41ILb0fra4Zra8nG7jaEw4UeTHMAVD5iutg0COI5J0UTBa6xKt0SyzH1rWP1UXFpBfo1ZT0SKvk9EhaWOrirJYwfLvTFVrj9iUhfmUUBviAz7z95c1XDWes5+dXRzJlZk2lJ+WNYn9SO4jt655NRtmK/gYkbsMOGF0yX11tExZbKXhp30MHhXLnYQvJcEVSzci9xBgRy5pQQc65a35oh3rO9R0NsSI7ikwtC42eqeZBJKXeT1VHbB4fl9RaZrfA34YWOea95EUi+sMN/xB0zRSQKHT9nBKyW7+k5i+13SgWy4mr4WsMr/a6yKaWsN23b27w9B+pWzKDsr5JqW/+SZOcpac/d7xUNoT59IrVzYyv+93nzzQJmzHDCAw/3MJLl85tBQs1q1dIUDboOmGkfzqioqOOyCx6jZYDPJSgIdhmZwpYeMcRPNBWQBBpEMG75MfjVS3Hcrqu2B6bVsk+BgUytsusuoPckhlX8y4BfuG5cXWDb9NygoNtwuIR/LfYMVlSDRyejC9q/BhMG9o6R+vrpnHsJ9UCzxklSNIGxWT2JcTpDGk2W+XzChMF1ilrmD+WGrZ9ALWmecGLqjVv66G1sTE3TfIBgfjy/GiDywVd7VH6PUbVaStnUCq1uMbUp0GowOVroSSm+q3btIKRJivEXPtxwlktCavKM/4/5PCkIwlCcRS35LIoCffeY/5FHjVhp4nv0Vm9J0nBKgrnDZg8mvq9GVjypXc9vCkIAp0jc36LLwvbKCOKtimp95+Yjv8HqfsbXitV//HimYvENVupHFFj4Dnen7+ilQJtJPMPNDUeAQQvZCGEWz8rL0iOkTtSannudTcOsIFrFJzB8dHvGJ6Rtd0hcYpXisHCsD3WxWdrRPhFIAKycTSX3nXz0So2aXsb4Oyd2GfhUfyS4uuUlZbl+1a9S4bkIJWo8FckN0zmjCO+PPVMtwEMwsTcCetDLVSOwVnFnq/AI+NhCL9Gn6ViURTGPCtAx12o2lNtwzAUDPzPJCgYYa9wKR3lfl4w5GjzYEphvJD9Et6kX48GtuYlKpZq2kzfbagzjkJZ7IvFgi7sz7pVVJd4V6NpxIHo6ru7M4i7RzcWuzuTICCbNvNNanyUfNGzaH8dlTEWh4Hfw9BwELhgP52Xz0NHLr4ykc982QRoE0Wwj9fPc8UVU5qNINJjRWt2e3iTvfaLxjZDvthS1pPDc7pPK1mfVqrTAVrPF0CD4sioOJOkTZtOA=
PRIVATE
* 08/05/2022
** Summary

Woke up, did pushups, ate fruit and lara bar before heading into
office. Had coffee there. Ran into Mike on the way and walked with
him.

Upstairs, deployed latest juke api and made a few patches (db and
code) throughout the day to help the team.

Discovered that cloudflare workers cannot proxy file uploads to
R2. WTF. All their marketing is about how it is complient with the S3
API. Their argument is that it is, but only only for offline
use. Supposedly this year (2022) they will allow workers to upload to
R2 and have files publicly accessible via R2 directly (without
connecting through worker).

I built the rest of the Sup features on the juke-api. A bandaid just
for the demo.

Going forward CF can still be an option: CF workers + Faunadb and
separate (region isolated) serverless API just for the file
uploads. That can run on AWS lambda + s3, Firebase + GCP or
whatever. Makes sense to use lambda and s3 since we're already
there. Session validation is the main question in this design.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/04/2022
I woke up, did pushups, took a shower and walked to the office. There
was a farmers market on the way where I stopped to pick up ingredients
for a salad for lunch. Got some kale, arugula, tomatoes, sweet bell
pepper, basil and dill. Used one of the avocados from Target I got
earlier in the week. Some almonds too. Great lunch. Made Mike a salad
too which he ate with his fried chicken meal. Nobody else accepted the
offer.

Got juke API deployed and started working on CF api for the other
hackday project. Will finish that up today.

At 4:30, head back to the hotel to drop off bag and went downstairs to
lyft to "The Girl and the Goat" restaurant. Enough vegan dishes to eat
so that I wasn't hungry. Got the bone to go for Leche which she'll
have under supervision (cooked bones break easily). Went to a tall
building (96th floor) to have drinks and watch the sunset. Had coffee
and a water.

Went to bed late after playing around with faunadb for CF.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/03/2022
** Summary

Woke up and worked out in hotel gym before work. Coffee from Mojo on
the way to work. Got the rest of the Juke features built.

TacoBell with Albert.  Chat with Albert at starbucks.  Chat with Billy
while we walked around the loop. Saw the cloud gate (aka The Bean),
the famous big fountain and another cool face projection piece of art.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/02/2022
** Summary

I woke up late, around 7:40am. Did pushups quickly, drank a bit of
coffee, ate a banana and went down stairs to look for farmers market
with Billy and Torin. There was none today. Went to Intelligencia for
coffee where we were served by rude baristas. I should only tip for
exceptional service not a default. Steve Buscemi in Reservoir Dogs
kinda.

Was at office by 8:45am and it was open. Got the media upload working
on juke. Had lunch with team and train station cafeteria. Indian food
(lentils and rice) with two samosa. Wasn't satiated so ordered some
basic asian cold noodles. Overshot the food I think but not by
much. Probably could have just had an apple or something. Later, I did.

Went back to office and synced on the status of juke. Got PR up,
reviewed Wolfram's. Went to "Native Food" for vegan dinner
(faux-chicken burger) with steamed kale on side. Decent. Everything is
expensive. I should just get beans and rice from Target.

Ran back to hotel to meet team waiting for Lyft. Lyfted to the White
Sox' stadium to watch game. Fun. Was a blow out. 3-0 (white sox) in
the first inning. Final score was 9-2 (maybe 11-2?). Lyfted back with
Torin, Albert, James, Charles and chatted about the future of the
company. Brain stormed. Walked around looking for bar to chat some
more. Went back to hotel lobby and brain stormed some more ideas.

Called Mariana and left message. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/01/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am today and did pushups. Made coffee from hotel
keurig. Not very good. Showered to wake up. Went downstairs and met
team (Billy, Albert, James) before heading over to the office. First
got coffee.

Coworking space is huge. Super cold room. Didn't bring a sweater but I
think I'll manage for the week.

Goal is to get working API up by Wednesday morning. Possible, I think,
if we're disciplined. Need to test out the Posts API (including
restrictions). Will hook up friends table to it after.

Will wake up, work out and head to farmers market at 8am (if open)
before going to office at 9am.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
0f9cd6a316407e64mzPDKQm64XzsLml8jG7JofkGR9+VUm6mQkxgIrqWfkqzw6nXog0nUZJL7Taa2plsFRMNwD6rb8SeHOs8IdC42whkhO0a247vU5z9AKFA04XkEHD6y0lPgRilutoh+0ABlJQPAVHhYUKgloyUVHQgXfqqKnRLHWy4568czlkP1Q6DuYVIj9LQGQKXG84e6Njr0OuDtFCHatf8gFwetMZo2DKqifkGbT2c6YbqaGzoLaGdqy2xg70fyS2C9bkFo/cHH19rrVKM+XwE5JTO1dqM6C/xRgxwweCRGbIUeCxPyLSO4iqTBWsPtlv6G/8XGtGfe9+mVwC/heNrEffrYfhynzAgUo/yiE3mST3yPO6R6JP0gVLTMZfLeXSorPCxQgh2qGMz+hC6I4bfJuVP6/1LR0KZMAZzsVhHt9E+CC7ybu9oRqdHu8KWnbrXAMI512bgZhgTq4slPuYWud1Mi3FXV1Aq+UD1/IsktEQUzaMhuczfDu7ph0T1V/sHAWMSGAT0nai8za0BA8VTj28tBGxdVcsNgQqm3TY7fxr0LfIwDZlrhIG60lkOV6170FHiWGu/x3RKHwEqS4X0UKGTq7Wz7afF9jCcYWJDbvP9cTHOWN5tOLj8uGVkC2N93yQcIf8I8nNRxg4wWhtTi8gNxpwUgmKhsKN1tNt9beU5O3FLy8VzBTh53H5Hd/VlC6lzgeCWC4LhZ2drw6gtsrS14l83U7nmXciejIVi7S7pMxudbOyGis/kzK+wLFEv0MbMEEiaL9e8RRHdzLO+/BuDN+QorM0oEP4QFpAmXtil0dAaXDBKPQje8mVHst8nym+fDpjf9ny5eaK8O/stqFk0GOgStS1IEOnmdR4FZa5rU11m2f59X7iGhzdGcmehvOi9rfeOi0/lDUYkmYu9ePl3htUja+Wtul6ll4eIOhpx7ORmhUiL/mYscFT6G993zPVdrgkMqTgyRcs6pvre+lYLqHbquYIBULgBgBg5/ZlAwaQyA4jXJSO9xKCJskjqov7u/ssEnRuiTyrhf3TCBq0mXQd7l4fvLaCbjq6FKBXo5O/uM5z0U9CPH7joquAyp1ijjPVHI/RdmiIe2qLCVhst9+k+HiGwEGFR6dsgT+eaSDL+AbCdbVE6FCywJ1dzEF+yrGECIIbxTxXJ8HbQlS2Jjs5s7IY5ownpucgOy79oDkpfSGXInuzyQC6rh17YzxQYc4OhiXyinmsYs1naWMmQ0zWBwoxWnFW7utpZrsqjiuqRqp3d8SmLBHJVCPbenh9ZJUmbOYQalW3cwFhq1oqIP/3SQexVODpQJSvdlEnitTV+nbSKfDtHMBPRDKFGxcxXp7EU50DSZYlswQCQTT6LlfQZXYkw66UPt5MeHzyxrciTfEtbqtuCp5/YEl30JYuasbNkLP5/fFGjQ9vVpWvhGMtswUWCrDff1MQMQwainEgFsj1Ycf6oJr39J4N57hhMZAyusoX73OfFUexRt0KVTtpk64Ah2CcTcM2HHHpHfCBZ3WfmLo4PnYYw63iNYqC792zasSfQ53VNOzI1ewL/t0/+13adu+kZjBt7mkXHLUbl0yHQ3ImPnblTtMh8+0c/yyyndgNngkAe6VsbRaJgrmZDczNyZcWffmrgSgdXPTYwJF9XUNmF9JMFUfH4kFEicBBbF1rc5tUgZPKDUaGFes9gW7z5GKD2E66kJr7V0ZNneITd/4RzmO2HTJw8ZAGSE4Rtcw9ZM61jMI0g39BLg+bsbK6ufpz7ts6yzK0+K3yv2NX5r3zTOtY2n9ZkQxPwVuKtQq34bt/IOfK+k7Pa2kFLBph61cMtojfnL9lcLnLK+DV/fISIcDXYTVHMjxDtdZioPqsajuPmG9qGz2X1rOnh0pO9G3uj/jDq/kY9Ls6oG38VIJGX76GXXNrN06mLSVZPCOm40kxybFf8QqAWG2pSlAlKZsNtXir5dPkBwaGB0C9seq2CVH8QzI6pgmEJxy1FKKIXw9sFAqXlTq/Fporo56b/iF4QAp8mVjg6KZ2Wl5qC2pYAm10VxhXmmwSsJyBdsD5c3+4l53BdftRrhgQO3IVjxCOhA8y4wXmLPJq3S+uzcuGLegZcFdYI8XCbER2IPHchY74G+BxzRBqQD8K+JYffi4hQ69umQu9D6SDhZqBn5yUGYqDfEg4hiiBuBxaXbBK2UIl7v6lvpt62Sa7dAwrctm0tlksnhC3fIvXkODeZy4WouGdmHw2AtVCodORpL8bgRENhTuGcZ/1lhntCtgYu98l4zRTrbdjoa6MvCYPb58ldUqdFzH3wfBOpcwu/wGgLd00is/R6ePlNP5e28Kzqfak9+MuIrkiSWgvlcdPeqkPEhFpaZ87oIwDBljrn17ovNl2QOqqJvW1vUCnsCFParMOBgcAD6DtUszWdyCaXn2GtiGnjKHHBAFCwLG1ub1STDGpgC0KEknbeY2NztsWWNcv02zhzP1SfgG+jTc1wSIpB7FPLn8ZBuYrWi6lUuUmPAyHY6ny5cKq/BkYttnNgSZ8XmsRqIYo7O0xhpXYy3BJ0D7J6whlTDvPs/+l1EnYA3hQbY5DBuNfwrikCmdFxer7teLFWdbrBm8bFVtP2CZtkqP3IQ5hXKiAd7SDTcbzgE0mFG0CKBkdvYE/+6Nb0LqLHHrIECXoHLRWbGrSuteuEDtpiBM+eQweOzru7dWO1ylUcq2CtTjmj+KUHdLHmWc3fRX2kJDxv2/vkT3gbUtgD/PcyS3B7rBDVhDBbwD8vk2olmSQXAEpBVOl/NURAb55Xv3KwmqSz7RDcppHF/viqjgehQgYjGstJG9AMsL58qr5vIosnrBGfBNtdzUznrTqoysT4GDx6fd7/jAYchE+o0bwvfdGnTDQTX7pzx16ojXUX4eXIRGTzFbkksz7LDeFmaK/8r/5jS0k50RhR3IybWUPgFXamBEY4JjPEbMNnHURVNxqC1BgGGa72TbQWLqYRQU6M4Ipjztkjkvsx2OPCghbfSJ7SQLngD2ZXct9rksySqfEe9xaoIeq0+zACkYdZCU3wC1k7YzJeBn+euqHhPTbT+hoHV2aZJ4D7Es01TLaiVZ5k5YPTN4qlY3GHaHYhgYufuyYFIMlsMGDfnqbU2mjLSw8SvueDPjv4/b1bDttQ/vFTlXCrkLUYS+Rc9fD+pUXEQvOrTQqrjakJtbHdnHugZUIWNDBTNSo/Ta0Iq6znh/CMOzp8wcT+UU0eQyUcg44/a3EiHIIK9Y7D/JnMj/ssU9WMaGthk69enH80Rmx20+5dylz1m70AHscLion4uWB8Hw2MnpmDAbimMPj8yhOTbEX1AwZNQa5d3gzwS7i2gAe5/3WbkV6Zix7lJLD/CAJpWXlKV0vHpGVjQ3p7iQX3iFT5ACdilwZqStWtG+K/+IDwk9zp5mvfBxcTKuVb92AHjMjzcIfPlcjfPJDEaZQ1KB4i/SwSMLFdLxDghGNdKxjpt3Ga+oQZNzhuL5/3FbZlT0518YcKb1EEMx/kEk7WVLNINHIsEdfYffo01xr1BF3AnF7jjm1hlrT1uUzaDFOcYe0o/ySejUxQ1agSS7/lemUoH+HT8gwqm6zBeH7bGfSQChysZxB37TZFsDmdQSd+5V92Drnc0n83wY2e/tdaOtvS9O5aC1Mkg5srcRaRh5MqXT704+Jb3cR87UoX5P548UqrJfYjKJrHr9iVlDRQt6MRzD5GXPK+y4hqlED+hxuyTjGt9gjwYPvf6zSarg60jpOkIBS9PC0xZ0OikJhX6VhjfLAA1W+oV32Zh8BQoBro+o1zNl0P8np0wX2iQ/b8XnnMCPJL63wZpFksjhYhUuKQ3jWKEr7AIYl0u+izEWok9D+/8sI4ECrHppb53gmKolJaOMaQDRX5vii1GL1+HIgvsbq29fQ2kWykyTHGN5OOdicdxayRmaFVi0raJawoOwF+n6xTw/EKuq3NidLqF3yaHAXazquPOYMwlqzTNdAI18ehDm+3U2cm46Y3tKK9co1RqRcw7EO9u11aG2IU2ZI10GjpBJVCvCm8oqwGIj8pv6ewt7qCWJlVP5sZvRqW12YxYaVdAlitRne31cXMP4CVxI1Gd+SMDC4wXCnuuzw0hCOi1ACFvFeCUjdreFgFHpNcoP8Bt2KEslb0L+UnlZmkeERUeeE3T74NHGT3YeqjkK09ziKEnLetAdwHokOc1iSKw5HmLtVbjjGv8CJ8SmQkZyJQzogdPclxK+Tz94b0rhiVxUAq6ZKExCH6Zs8dviQnyhXMHextXzBGNsH4E6YffnQbJg6Bl6EzpXgq9DGo/hdTg3Y0mGND+fe5+oas2qUADRP7ItS9ZErcVo4wUPOUMnrpHrsFvo8M3KuSE3eRBkdG/5DSc1Lg4k5yKuuDY5UaCowXTjWW6Syoqmyzrb/YfroxnuhRUQuTxPS6JH1r3VL9/mYjprhEMeA2ixCkczVhHCSaQqdYGWVfsPCICcFvMijM/H4B08WMSUAaUT7d7reX1iSS30S79t/24awyNU8Hb60edX420DevBrGatRZUKh5ILXnIBSh6xsX9YoZlYCvByldrICCHjX2Iyed6G5tPpMbPUBeCJQU6po1J/umtkocqBPsIOs18JvGior99eX4emD4XjT6vyOde8ed/GPl8C0+BQxlSrcCA5r3LHdSHXNJUdB/CSPZBrZ3nkjIBY8RoaNzc3Yu4a2FhybeP7FA9dbxk/CKx6cuN1eKjeFAtED7LTj9L0QOeDbPtpwmY6gKEA15LnJXAE7QV5gfKzSAVb+15uzdzs3sc/WYR2pO8aZ1gitqItmeHR4P3Dd57ig05hBteytFlkER/00HINc/4g3WuFFpi8/IV+hr0wpQQCtSRyTgfZXYCtuPVXRSwvZLHdV+qrQxDeXRjRN5du6h1HUn2AKYjDmOjHmh0unvrWR998qq+QfgSWoLOlSDdOxRG7We1ISb4zRPITVhXZ+Pd2GBFJzSst09Z7KFNN0vUdUH5SNaJoCp5HHLLftFmS/kmNf8IedHO7PR0u86QmXDM3MLA0Il+cV+Tc35bA+JYW21oZ8j3/YgxB0BqoZ/Ekd2AZ3pPyFSH9bRhxHprDrgkiolJgp0wLTRnRJS/Dj+zNtkNwX/5J2oVD5Am8TFNXicEkO26d2aT2r2ziQVMa8qMDE6eDbdGhw70TxYaMT6q2DwQRD2RhFqpVjIff2+UsobqFOhOwlohuaqzEamG8oJSIEbvmbzSMTTu4wuuQULPHVsy70ZlksGGXzExNP1dDvDKHPgKMWL5CU2R2KwZOA1RwNvaXjDBNE4StmNErw==
PRIVATE
* 07/31/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 3am and left for LAX by 3:50am. Lyft was supposed to pick
me up at 3:30am but scammer kept driving around expecting me to
cancel. I'm sure he gets some money for that. I got refunded.

TSA was quick. Flight to SF was pretty smooth. Some chop as we pulled
into SFO, lots of clouds. Layover in SFO for 2 hours before 4 hour
flight to Chicago.

Got to hotel after 45min lyft drive. Driver said some pretty
hateful/racist things about people in Chicago. No tip.

Walked to eat a plant based burger around the corner. Not a good
burger. Should have ordered a protein salad. Went to Target to get
fruit, nuts and vegan snacks for the week. Lots to hold me over for
breakfast, lunch and snacks. Best thing I've done all week.

Went straight to bed after getting back. Blackout curtains. Woke up 3
hours later feeling fully rested. Went to sleep for real two hours
later after attempting to watch "47 Ronan", not a very good movie.

** Me
- [ ] 100 pushups
- [ ] Get to Chicago hotel
- [ ]
* 07/30/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30, made coffee and waited for Mariana and Leche to get
up before taking Leche on walk. Went to C&M for breakfast with
Mariana. Ordered avocado toast and acai bowl. All our food and
restaurant budget went out the window this week. No worries.

Did SL workout while Mariana swam. Went to NFT conference when she got
back. Good to see a conference first hand. Here's what I learned:

- Booths are either well funded or not.

- Lots of booths have trade show tricks like hiring girls to rope
  people in. One place had a stripper pole.

- Maybe only useful as a sales tool.

- Lots of booths just had dudes working on their computers, not
  interacting or trying to hook in people

- Some had cheap give aways like candy and stickers. Others had big
  swag like tshirts.

Came home and Maru arrived shortly after. Went to pick up Mariana from
Erie's. Took Leche on a walk with Mariana. Went to Doughroom for
dinner with Mariana and Maru.

Came home, did laundry, packed for Chicago trip. Waking up at 3am for
early flight.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
92dcf6e956be4a27XBnkWY/f6bKXxvYGKNTO+W3qMFb0BfjaEtYCAp7Q83k5z6o+V2F8gHMLm/0gUj+wN1GSdZd+uBb1ISuETjgD8qAGpqLfbioU+Jfs5AYQzXiKFPneC7na9r0nxe29sXlzgwLZBGe1X9OL5v5ZjmMC+XoBHiBOP0/Epi18g8u/MQZxRdLib4P70lhKbjuUgzt3
PRIVATE
* 07/29/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 5:30 and made coffee. Had standup at 9am. Took Leche on
walk up hill. Mariana got to go to her first ever onsite construction
review. Her office gave her a hard hat and reflective suit to
wear. She worked the rest of the day at home.

Synced with Wolfram about how to build the rest of Juke features
before Wednesday. Synced with Charles about design changes. Had
another idea and pitched it in ideas-chat.

Built the first part of the prompts feature but need to write some
seeds for it. Will knock that out on Monday.

Ordered sushi and watched two movies with Mariana: Daybreakers and The
Purge. Ethan Hawke takes all kinds of fun roles. Mariana loved both
movies within like 10min of each. She wants to watch the rest of the
purge movies. I kinda think the sequels are gonna suck, like it'll be
a SAW type series.

Went to bed around 11pm. Fell asleep fast and deep due to valerian
steeped tea with lemon and honey.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/28/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 5:30am and started workout by 6am. Finished in
40min. Tried to do OH press with 30s rest but not enought time between
sets. Had call with Riley's friends who are started BEAR a
land/construction consulting company and had some software questions.

Took Leche on our walk. Synced with Billy at 11am.

Leftover chili, rice and greens for lunch. PB and banana smoothie for
breakfast. Peanutbutter sesame noodles with veggies for dinner.

Had two cups of "extra sleepy time" (brand) tea. Valerian root is the
main ingredient. Getting pretty sleepy. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
0c17dcf4aa1cc42aHem5nLsk4Xf3MmBCtUHUsRs6ZmN4oJF+9eGRr/vTFtH+FhCcHEax7oUA50F16dA6ZNVP1ueGxgu7aopudh7ol1meWploym1jzJ70S/W7pQ7nNk5RX2uwwFEpZsc9jLsgFGaWdvsuRxPmR1VR+JQKGhYfhhiX2kGByBBcb17XPO+9qqGxhGyzi555FTq9hG/6VAPL5GIAC0tK7ftis7NhHKIxFfdpsP+piBqvNY4yuYckNKQvPUM0UB59up22XFp4VBeYhhkZvEyYUd+DVw7ZtMshkJIHVOlUfTw8kKSBXZ5HASv3k3+79AF+U9Iius3WQfAoaa6/T9E3EyzDv6aG/0EGspvGGPex1zyUrG3yb8aoQ1dL4+2wGjn98wFQ3LMurhp0EEgXgOMMO5++k4okMBslJHXvFh126t9oti2ABe8Y+gZ3YavuVbUfDTS+kcl8qnSke/wvWFHTH9YsJgcLwbXJ4EnOoo5rjiGkpcS1jJiiILbjfmNHkwwETf15aVYsruCDhY9D8xU6uVXoocb6xxoETBgSzf9AEfeIeIQPillqIwP5EzLHq7xtU8lJQl2LNHr5IZF2kslyQEslwfNSrFodqW6OUL7eQIDJOZvuSwW5H4ps1kxH6712iKoQBJQL7qSxJ4CgHVzSw55viUsL/eafclzoXzC2BpwqtlSxv1eRFcvCS58RY5BUTqnBE/AsEzBn3AZk2jzD8EL5bO2x4NxNd7l2MMUSz9XbXlJbjqLd99jaNq4cOSvvLrA4mdvSMoUSth23SqfWpmx36fyCOgBPNPbqQPJ1cTVI4XBJq/NsJN83yGZG8x6YAE9juxWPsaFwGUD8NbUnyqzqCDc4GnztbaeBxKJh4533vA6cjRlKdcHUUiNcJNcru4A2K9Sw0P0jz9h+2cTcqNIGpE+mqpyrvFipqTjPEq0EoR1TqpewcjxtVMr/zwNLLlWcorUV+LFtbqkWm/tZTMBVnOU9tqBetLaPb+tTtVwl4PcPLHyKIkhbjcvQm+MNFwldCnVC3zGftvQ7PxkAZJIWQKhRp3o6mAkgYORKEvLFHyhjkDDe6PSrjQkMB/y7ke0KY5ggbEZNoCLXlz6I2vQJ3P7HO8pBnp0MrOoWomNjSBTliPsxZpeYHat9Y3EVbUFRfh8E/DS72b8y68gY6wMgewcvxl355w8pfJ+6CkWoLWhfC57h/scSnZnv0IaBm2jPo/2MQxkjVBCoGY3KLttra17nmoXC5GL6pV1KvYqxRnqtrN6UtedMGI7Z6IU7Xqw72xEGW3MHHuHU2xJfdmUfQeErz6x7yDkhL7T++VDfSGT/29U4WuYkNenlM7iQObfx0IPai01SUuh97cfoJy4JiLJ4Es8Un+hskh4f5KUEK0BcKSov2HipqRU034jkqQic5SxMjRojzg543aWNZoKwx5Wi8aQVqmtPLbBQTPXDq1QQYYqMeyVA81jwFkXvAnCrL5mvIlbjLzv7yp7+gc+NjY/eM1rROvPBWNEqbrTjrcgsYHNKXNA1TdEdcoh6F3gxzh5uY+L/K/tnKCyocA6zolT9CsJhZtgVBVF814ESK1pCZ9J+I2UcjvjdfU2LPtmL1Hu4cqVKsZ+muje6N35Ifq5USkyMjcpdltF1lCkI6+zOyuaono68lH1R8sDSi5aMOqYOFpF6J6IF0MYr8ukMGoCxZePoLgl7jqlbNX1QGXUnM54J5xOTjNF9hB7QaJt0X5YxqfT4O5BdzFYenFv2dN7mIuVk3BZgcBXmHCcIHMHKloXQxiWa9WuGdFiLnmpBkvit4CR0iKIVKKJs48JOV/7ivA1Ep105hmPgh6xesh4PD6vJzNLSi6QvCSOOt581NY2QKmRPiRyu9Qo+8aVbrrX57Ib3019quzGtH5Hurf+4wVnLGaTdLD5VQ8hFEoC7G5SJblycAvsKHpxfnyEFXzRxQKoqTfqoUKrcPuXcDkMmrDw3io0tntM7qaoBqNiHDNSsmOmfbTQYbm0KvZce/zSCe6vgWpJ7xO8fj3IxMMaWtjxb3xDpDCezX/yEh2BTyv4w6+/5rUJjz7td8V5I7/Gl5Q/AO4urv7Ms4DOGML/3YLCqde8K5skPV9F5VILmeBTXCLsiE6gRMLoEOg97CSJlMJCvO9gKGdcNDuvjUQ+G8P+1rwNrrJYdVWWjX64NoJ8PCHVhORCXjVHT7iASDHIHAg==
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
93c36751e4b607c2xRWn1a/J5WFNZicdaa6bONJn8qVUYhrJWybtgWl9yoqKRhxvAWAy9HioFbncC+mOx9/YvcxMhghO81anOAWMHR2SyQDxJs0+k2rulnRaLU9afZSl3fv60jxdJ8cT1RYE1bF90NX2IOM=
PRIVATE
** Glow
- vp eng
  - hiring
  - management + IC work
  - engineering mentorship
  - note now because:

- First signal: retention (people can use in bubbles)
- Ambassador program

- defensibility bereal -- long

* 07/27/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am. Made coffee and had call with Linda to record
welcome video for treadmill event. Last detail will be to figure out
the structure. When to hop on call, what to do while people are on the
call, how to share instructions.

Had standup at 9am and walked Leche after. Spun down old Glow
environments and spun up new dev one. Spinning up dev took a long
time. Really want to prototype the app on CF edge.

Made big pot of collard greens for dinner. Ate with rice and leftover
chili. Mariana came home for lunch because she forgot her CC.

Right before our morning walk was over, Leche noticed a squirrel near
a tree and jumped out to chase it. I didn't have her on a tight enough
leash and the squirrel ran into the street as a car drove by. It ran
right under the tire and died in the street. Could hear it wheeze its
last breath. Poor squirrel. Not a great way to start the day. I should
have brought Leche over to it so she could see the end result of her
actions. Not just play. She was very interested in why the squirrel
was laying belly up in the street. We went inside though.

Riley reached out asking if I would take a call with his friends about
some software work their business needs. Scheduled for a quick call
tomorrow morning.

Going to bed early to get clean rest and a clear start on the day.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/26/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 7am.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Got first APIs built of juke-api. Started to spin down Glow. Saved data.

Picked up water, farmers market and Smart & Final for weeks
groceries. Farmers market got a free apple from the asian guy who
sells great pears. His business partner Kevin told me more about their
crops. They were selling grapes today. Incredible. Smaller but
tasty. Apples were 3.75/lb which is cheaper than Sprouts (by about a
quarter). Got shredded cheese, butter, milk and sugary cereal for
Mariana. Chicken breast for Leche's next 3 weeks. About 1lb / week.

Threw the ball with Leche at lunch.

Taking Leche for a walk then going to sleep.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/25/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7am and made coffee. Was pretty tired from the valerian
root powder tea last night. Not like previous times when steeped too
long and had too much. Half teaspoon in 2 cups of water with juice
from half lemon and some honey. Had oatmeal after standup. We decided
to write new app and ship it in two weeks. Took Leche on walk.

Created scaffold API for the new service after getting basic spec.

SL workout at lunch. Four walks with Leche but no ball throw. Made
pasta with fresh tomato and basil from the garden.

Going to bed now.
<<PRIVATE
b2e2194cab9cf84010LloeoocfEULcG118MDTpXbPHSyVGkRd5bo74aEEF+bm+htZmPFtJjbds4jvWzwIebLiy4MsWy+F5iDGuURzL7+144mAqxZ6UDAOvSKubVYZ7kvo1zIqt4qeYSRbI0/ORX79gxHYhGEdfRoM+zsgi+CcR6eClgQjolCAJVWRj8SX4OBfXMp2iNn2OpVzgE2l/jRkGqrPOFAz4FpsUJvs3OU1wEwn6jOdok66dl1DEd8oPfUJH5dM3r1tCfsXmacE0h8LogsOxUipjfnNiz+k1sratHFMxzAmTdQCb5BQsMuJbT0pckFhKPYBKG7b7Glvd8MAz2CNSJBTHMrVsam8j+iLv3O3glJ3Ki33b9y2HQ6ITdEEsQl9TkiM2nFzLKK
PRIVATE
* 07/24/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7am and made coffee before call with Aman Agarwal-- a
programmer Linda Brandt connect me to. We talked about 24HourHomepage,
changes I have planned for it, his philosophy of "minimum sucessful
product" and others. Good conversation flow. Walked with Leche at
10am. Met Gary, YC and Hind. Talked with Gary most of the walk about
tech and business.

Came home and finished coffee with Mariana who ate egg sandwhich. I
made oatmeal. Mariana went to swim and play kickball match.

I watched a video about TempleOS, its author Terry A Davis and went
down a rabbit hole. Listened the first part (10 tracks or so) of
Kanye's Donda and opened up. Felt grateful, connected.

Focusmate session to read about Cloudflare pricing. Going to do
it. Made 86400 default images to upload. Need to setup domain, caching
(and figure out business rules for what gets cached, invalidated and
how the client gets that data)

Mariana got back and we took Leche for a walk. Went to Venice for
pizza at Gjitsa. Good stuff. Mine was just fresh tomatoes on bread
with fresh herbs. Cucumber salad I had was insanely good.

Took a walk down abbot kinney. Came home, took Leche for another
walk. Watched "Back To Eden" documentary and recommended it to Auntie
Fran and Kevin Cuevas. Listen to an episode of podcast Riley
Recommended.

Made some valerian root tea with honey and lemon. Feel very calm but
also still heat in chest from lots of caffiene today.

Will wait until tuesday for grocery shopping. Will make some fresh
pasta sauce tomorrow with our tomatoes. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/23/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 7am, took Leche for walk and bought an $18 bag of coffee
from Comissary.

Finished my personal hackathon by recognizing my strategy was not
right. I'm doing a redesign, I shouldn't rush. I should build the
ideal state. Spent the rest of the afternoon documenting what that
would be and starting to setup cloudflare.

Mariana got back at 5:15pm. We ordered sandwhiches from Ikes, I picked
them up after getting gas (the tank was on empty), going to RiteAid to
get sparkling water (none, but I got gummies for Mariana) then 7/11
for sparkling water. We ate sandwiches then went to Cinespia to watch
Jackie Brown with Kate, Emmanuel, Moti, Dante and friends.

Jackie Brown is better than I remember. I used to think it was
Tarantino's worst (not bad) film. I think it's maybe second worst. The
crowd had some obnoxious energy at times, making fun of a guy who was
clearly high and lost in the crowd.

I made a huge bag of popcorn to share with friends. Three big bowls
worth. Nutritional yeast and braggs seasoning. Home by midnight-ish

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/22/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 5:30am but went back to sleep until 7am. Made a blended
cashew green tea and did pushups. Standup at 9am.

Focused on testing itty today. Itty router is excellent. Itty-durable
didn't work. Even the example given on the repo. Maybe with fresh eyes
on Monday it will but it might not be a necessary tool. Just use
itty + a custom class for DO (to construct the requests).

Lentils and rice for lunch. TLT for dinner. Talked with Mariana during
lunch break. After work (from 9pm to 2am) I started cleaning up
24HourHomepage. Documenting it publicly as a marketing means and
accountability means.

Using tailwind is great but it means I'm re-writing a lot of code. To
add the upload feature I want (for paying customers and anonymous
users), I think it makes sense to make the entire transaction happen
on the first page. An upload modal that will accept CC information and
update balance if need be.

I can probably scrap the existing reservation system. Think about the
goals: get people coming to the site often, get seconds on the page
sold.

Going to bed now. Will wake up early, have coffee and work on it more.

<<PRIVATE
6ecce97d00c196f5ixFI77mgSnbBW17z10xLmlPsM/iwRVPWM7Gf+W3mREub5x0PZ+iNIm4JfXQB7W16y5niCZgc7cHpv6QlL36wpUtKI4xRV798nig/1otCroToSZnqiqE8Qbou9m6XCDJ4NJYVlUU2cLhvDmaeQw9eX6MnfvaHFznAEfNiTIW6V93E3hSFlgUdQSN5YQBha+YhObDKKUQxqP41m9tATVBYWELqmtylKE33Nef7bjwplOOHGO6S8LQbPnGl5qHnVtJ6oimn8A39IAc3UFBZyvVFrxowAwkLFeZReteW/q7fslIn7DwQTyCgQ5mkElpLtueKTZOnriufaSxP6UW8sioeiDn/Ha5C6VhBN0ThGoFr/z7niFSH37EEy7GeKqhN9EI6vDpY0WANS8Bs/T0qnDugm9B5UvrKuoB/MIfWG0AaPCORdZrC1LSSHV6Au/qPqmqmnx7OhIKYGz8UZxONLn5Mt52P07WHzfkI9bFQEpO+9rk6grp0TvIBQH3hzHJffHn4sjnqs7GU4H+tS9M5A8vP6J9OAjSEyT306k+B7eT7tOkUFb1RuIf8bfddIdbPZBf3Gia/zELX7YX6hrFibUaXMcevyxFR0sJUkjH13z3xy3l5TNQCaOp7QZIBkYhF4I+4OxcKgEkC8Dq6mJdBUEt0GmJQXVnXeTn2NAm+mIBQYye5SaHbrkeXgP7AsyuNMNTZcPx2U85ax5u1mASY1P59AH2MtaxLzcsAtXylBiLVPD2HR2Ya2Umk+M++O6EW8op6ZGJnIHJ9iRYi2K3uDGeaFh4+oJ2uHAnPe+P5Ys8KQXrLXQVdrQD6l94FxpSHoiSebS/mQO+p+6pKmEtihqk4qgQy7zCeJsP9dm+dvYtY0UAbwmkI9FNoWGiX2BQz9+SNPdvg2Cc6ICUy7pd9nzxaRdHnCqCf9gU5YiDeYEj5v3ceZHUibYNAOqrZXfuxUkK7mpFw/JOMFMk04nFQR8nR+yuOkxowX0CQcAcOA2oQeUHRTSd8ha6OTvmURXFkc3o0Mll7PG1Z0hUpb3M0eKGq2sMvmLox8ZaSPQOvXB7+d83ID3TjGYu2KGbh/IUo0t0UHEhQhPA7vU3ZhW5TmyK6C2TYuelKVUaHzvDyfM+NSsur1LvdqJzvdPh9GJAcL+aRRuFv7nqQD1iAgdsbZXP/cMRdWvZbzlP58pi0qsXtRnBysmqoTz+BEQWNEso839MT7daPgX4g6qzk9kLVsPCoVOc7c26iLFbX40qtQsys9pB0lC+mRnGrtoHn46OKWAvzJi5n3xkeSAUWTAMoC/d41K+w3J71NaSzOK+XlsUxzKvVmrrPy+wuMKvdut1PGyMX9qByKO8QHVU8OreJj++Ez4iSqgFZQLCSsvEn8RpMFdmHJrJRklJqEL0wuXS39vRU5VrjwVMPaWayg4eCN2P2s9Ouj+JF3m1Bnhw9h0udpqYjVNowi5EI0ESTiwe9z4zt1eMeHYwDqnyLgVe5W1Ve85yfd8v3tiu6aDYkDRrbWqdXiGwAymOt5dH8mX+asHM2p6rCg6ZldgkRpWAhK08neJD7xte2iNYz1WwNs14gLA3vqddDdyDKzZCnXOKjKA/aApQZqQFAxqUdPd7E4jR92L2L+h3dnfukseTEElh64UGoj6S3skW3Av8zZuVhU9TpQRtOw0NSlFQi3t5F2wQbqobpQnw7Yl4Cb7X8b3V3tGRuR5xrPESVkv61XnTex3QjJcbVX9LuIlEm3TD3D/D/CZnGSZynRKENqAAnXwvHWk25zTRIlZuoGehIojc=
PRIVATE
* 07/21/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 5:30 but got out of bed at 6:30. Walked on treadmill for
an hour (3mph). Woke up Mariana at 8am. Made a matte + mint + cashew
milk tea then oatmeal. Took Leche for a walk after.

Spent the day reviewing Cloudflare's offerings. Got websocket +
durable objects demo up. Reviewed two cloudflare workers
frameworks. One for react ssr and another generic router (hono). I
think itty might be a good solution as it has a clean wrapper around
durable objects.

The issue with DO will be about data redundancies. Is the DO storage
layer the only layer? How to backup?

Mariana drove down to TJ for her friend's court testimony. Going to
bed now.

<<PRIVATE
f76b440b763178f9O0KiNsEvkidb5j6GPt1Qg+WfQqD4GxDG24h/b1NlZV5Glbyl1kQoW6AiA+houiURpREh+CdelfT27yzvLQWXvycRMcOq6V1nk7JZgCIsDvmRt9x8IEBFMCWIHVvNalKSVl3dsHWDg5HGmTfcQfq8Sb4knGZluzmlUyHnY3PLWiD0zIZm1QQSWFj6BfQqz6dnI1Zg9SKmPrw5ouwbkSkgHoHEi4iBKxIzd5zvW+ZEWrpiHELTuR2Oa5T6V0ZF1nK8/gYsj/FGX1PkKEUWpazhgISfOnIjTm6nSSuKscR4xLQpIUha/rmsDRsPGbagdUThodJ0g7FSIQhb01OyUDnF1ca7ugDvvQn8f6ddQQ3cPkAq8fSzmwUPmke7xav9aUFvshpBEqh8/ecQP5Ec+T4gMZfO3tPXvQ0ZS1WBd8RKChdlQR2Qbh34UIW3b35nC12bQel6dh4fE6dDuFHskeCc6Wi4Z9ebn4/JALOZSrqVkCA3An4rYHZEDGNmdC6giQgPixRNk7RWVTb8ykv2hWTcOh86DidubLeMr0kREKoRfMeWE2EubHAyRym+jrjCQLeUVz71fE+cg00a/AWsqBbvwitl+/jAnqTqv1+VKutwE89Qf4sSynsjZDHYVUScCXwWiQ0D46+5frcD6sK2pwdPojZlcgQxFYfNDfggAPp/8CXuXwliX9GtOzMoWVVc0QVjc+/8DOv7mS2Wvhp5pLdzoIyOueBwG0DN2fU+62mU1eECU3mHlbmRaA5KXSC6vzHYHzXgt3cM6FqEIF/xd6hU52RAj3viPvvnI12JEla30vQmSJZfS4FIiLkvGs0zKjmKPrS9ZkY0BxZsxVLV/NjhXysZmSGD3vhGsRbgXx3Q0zwuBarBZXAtObU7OLSD4uHOfNfTk/+V1w3atBBvHQ1/CxDocFh6r5nM2CiUQyIFPiS862ma1H9fPYPSFkvgiorvRdySxefQP6wf+sdC2ug2pVAp8hyLNo7KQKKNHgAC6CE6GMBUAkCujhv5kSlck7nj8+xlo95D74OmgKj8jZhSpI2uwb0pECzCCD5c3BMY+/mOZPiG91nxC7Th0sEIzhNmBK26EF2P5EcZS41Pm9p+/K3IXqydu0X+2yC+fgWJvbSsQSwVRbj4qytfulcmc6BqaDOsl3kJdhIIspOCZfQOr7fVaqjHQfU0Y2eEJkyttTvX0D5EWD1NpGIkc9+gnSvi+2f61faB0lIjOQZ5jiFFTIz7CPV/iAKhrSICkd1P9vI7iA013MaxbiLTzie6tq5AgJgtK1V4O7SX0mN9owAeQv6x+51W7ehVEhcOLzX6CIR9RhMqvaZ7bqa0dzUbfYL/3dfsjn69jbknDIeJpSubkDBSfm0aUox3pAHHMlBVlZtHFAZtcnfAgNJob9NHjGNMDaCuJxnVMxy/gLwxJmYVhCW4mCpOWt54aGi4sXsVlsTQpMCd5j7Eq4IuCZotY+JWA47Vmdqh8p5jxlzTuif+F1hzKolboVmh12iM3uSyar6J7/GNZh8/Rbnov7kvfUtoDI8YY9uObALrCgsLAOO4OSOy681X6u+nXbchvNv071z6xQJ+v1g5uzRTT10JQJC6HXfBQqhVuCLHfR7APa9Bg4Wu7q6/HBf23eR/q+A4Uo63g3ThUWPJZTwJjqYJK2zg5H8q0HTA6W6xMAJEiZlgY32oGtxZREzLUeXmQQZjs9nLnMVeGmtIw3/nfixEPJy2flcysZ8CG1Z0ysj8TnlTe946viWqFtAZBWI/XEOS24EUKngIwLwL5RObtGi4OGzE2hnHO5brcyR1Cy2X06j6QguKE9NfIqLgrMId9UK5PPfd4mxHXeRutTBAPtKugaU4HltWvX0cRnT0cg71OEWHTp0AgjfPUeP9a/QVh+sEIE7oGwqPep5UtEW/hWmlUakl8X3RB/zP+ZpHEELDET37dCaMaaVgOIv+nM6fTXiEDeyUF4F/agTpY/UX9Mj6YGLE9M9yPi6VPQZcju7n7rhT9C9RN2PSSykI0Nj97ht5gaGqeG3MNEfvlSohG/ID+vqa5uvLK7KBqBmWcavnZecc/lr8CEf+p+mtyC9/FgURSoVSlY3YlR0WlAYoIIPjerD4WV7ehpJRp6RwgmNgdaArH6h1447WY+KvIaWqE9Y6Z241hq2fErnSXx8kB3HhfuyGkLqkuvH4MSROdNRPNR19lAYVMwf+SmBP1WmoMHVelmQmNAbeCZ7WVi3SBNeteaZ9hGZ2v4QbPg8X1u8EGeZ4/Mtf40fnvRksa3shFbWkhyPXkGOXLxxRz/oBQCCBDXqP8HSoPvvuULfciZnQriK4SdIN3j5vzo1IsHWlV98TSUW0HZMUY7o+hSVQm5HelW0nr2uiEtxgLMVLLxnkswGPYYEtv0CBA8KIrKXd34agcFSVwHBqaRvwNc4Zz+JwtnCRjoER2lcZiB9gvWnx/VVLILwLfbHg1e20c3JZCM78z7/w9LMkgp51EERXP4MP4RAsihLu24hSC4QSlcmtbX+puVGWGytuwRlPZV41soaKPtCkqfRIK2QU5LQ0wmEi83RynIIeXZsFMSpLDj2CanrHUtSvG58VLPtUakO3TPwIx2MlI8o2WRtt3NV5FJHiyIefoyfarNqjBkQ4tKlf8EhT7Z7l77eOXpSY
PRIVATE
* 07/20/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 5:30am but didn't start workout until 6:30am. Not
focused. Didn't stretch or do warm up lifts before OH press and
tweaked something in muscle over left scapula. Stopped rest of
workout. Made green tea and oatmeal. Took Leche for a walk. Standup at
9am.

Spent the day doing Cloudflare Workers tutorials. Tomorrow websocket
tutorial (if needed? pubsub may be sufficient).

Lentils and bread for lunch. Pasta with mushroom, zuccini for dinner.

Threw the ball with Leche during lunch. Four walks with her
today. Went to Sam & Elle's to water their plants with Mariana after
dinner.

Read some about CF workers and websockets just now. Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/19/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 7am and made green tea. Took Leche for a walk then made
oatmeal. Mariana made a smoothie. Finished my investigation of
simple-peer. Not using it for any of the projects we brainstormed.

Spec'd what to build for production ready version of my hackathon
project. Looked into cloudflare workers at the end. Durable objects
seem interesting.

Made tofu-lettuce-tomato sandwiches for lunch and lentil soup for
dinner. Delicious.

Walked about 1.5 hours (maybe more) at 4mph today. At least 6mi
total. 100 pushups later in the evening.

Going to sleep now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/18/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and made green tea. I loafed around until standup at
9am. We talked about our goals before the offsite. Took Leche on her
walk after. Made oatmeal with pumpkin seeds, banana, apple, flax seed,
sliced dried apricot. Delicous.

Brainstormed what we could do with Glow and how I can take the current
ideas we've demo'd forward. Need to think about reverse-engineering
growth tactics for the next thing we build. Where are people
frequently posting, what contexts can we hitch onto?

Had a call with treadmill folks during lunch. They had some good ideas
about how to grow the event. Need to share the event this week.

Made pasta with brocolli and cashew "cheese" (nutritional yeast)
sauce. Did SL workout during lunch.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/17/2022
** Summary

Woke up around 9am and told the "Palms Puppy Pack" Leche and I
wouldn't be on the walk today and thanked everyone for coming. Mariana
joined us on a walk up the hill. Stopped off at Lokal to get her bobba
and croissant.

Did chores today. Put the record player back and cleaned the
entertainment system. Washed Leche. Took a shower and deep washed my
hair. Using castille soap and some coconut oil now. Went to grocery
store for food this week.

Threw away sourkraut attempt. It had some mold on top. Chopped cabbage
in food processor and mixed in a store bought sour kraut "Bubbies". I
think it'll work its magic in the fridge. Maybe just super slow.

Made a hummus, peeled some carrots. Made a big cucumber salad. Mariana
didn't like it (raw red onions and italian flat leaf parsley). Kept
hers separate from mine so I could add sliced black olives. Will mix
hers into my batch since she wont' eat it. Made tofu, lettuce, tomato,
avocado sandwhiches for dinner. Tofu was airfried with franks red hot
hot sauce. Delicious.

Watched "Last Night in SOHO" before going to bed. Not a great
movie. Graphic images yeah, but too slow. kinda Hitchcock-y but too
muddled I think. Her clairvoyance wasn't really established. Was it
the room? Was it just with her mom? Only mirrors?

Going to bed now

* 07/16/2022
** Summary

Dog beach day. Woke up early, packed car. Mariana kept snoozing and
woke up late. Left house by 10am. Got to beach by 11am. Mariana went
down to beach with Leche, I waited in line for parking. Took
45min. Bought ticket till 830pm. Took both surf boards down and a
backpack of stuff. One more trip to get food. Dropped pin for
friends. Pitched shade structure. Overcast but still nice.

Leche was pooped from her hour of play before I got there. Pooped all
day. Fernanda and her friend showed up around 3 or 4. Then Doug,
Mariana's friend from school. Then Hind and Stella. Karla and family
next. Simon next. Then Lexie and Aerie.

Surfed by myself a bit. Fun small waves. Taught Alessandro, Karla's
son, how to surf for a bit. Got a bunch of the dogs on the boards
too. One stranger dog--Bruno--loved to surf and swam out to me to hop
on the board and give me a kiss. His owner just adopted him and he
didn't know he could surf. Said "he must've been a surfer in another
life! I gotta get him a board now!"

Played bocci ball with Mariana. Leche would fetch the balls and move
them. Funny. Totally legal. Played bocci with Simon later.

Mariana's coworker Eric, his girlfriend and their dog showed up. We
all played 'exploding kittens' before the sun set. Came home and
watched "The Gift" before going to bed.

* 07/15/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 5:30am and was on phone until 6am when I finally made my
way outside for workout. Started at 6:15 and went for 30min. Made tea
and waited for Mariana before making oatmeal breakfast. Leche snuck on
the bed while I worked out. No bueno.

Standup at 9am. Not much of an update other than the simple peer
investigation didn't go well. Focused on a POC feature for glow (push
notification when users view profile).

Posted "save money, cancel email SAAS" article on HN, LI and
twitter. Wrote a new tinyletter and imported new customers.

Updated w4. Laundry guy couldn't fix machine today. Will fix on
monday. Made treadmill desk website in under an hour. Good flow

Made pasta of mushrooms, zuccini with cashew cream sauce.

Leche played with Ziggy, Sam and Elle after work. Mariana went
swimming. After her swim, went to Sprouts to pick up food for
tomorrow's dog beach day.

Went on a night walk when we got back. Going to bed now.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/14/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 5:30am
Migrated 24HourHomepage to SES after AWS upgraded.

Worked on a hack idea for Turntable. WebRTC and blackhole virtual
audio device. Some road blocks using simple-peer's default stun/turn
servers. Maybe stale docs?

After work, I washed truck and took photos. Dude at car wash said he
like the truck and was in the market. Told him I would send him
details. Listing it to see what offers are out there.

Wrote short blog post about the SAAS email migration. Will post
tomorrow. Should update tiny letter list too.

Tested newly "fixed" washing machine. Still broken. Scheduled another
fix for tomorrow. Scheduled call on Monday with treadmill folks for
Digital Treadmill Race.

Going to sleep now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/13/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 5:30am and momentarily went back to bed but had the good
sense to get up. Got outside and started workout by 6:10 or
so. Finished SL workout by 6:45ish.

Came inside, made some tea and waited for Mariana to wake up before
making oatmeal. Leche was good and slept on her floor bed all night
but snuck on the bed near Mariana while I did my workout. I caught her
in the act and got her down off the bed. Later during the workout, I
saw she snuck back on the bed but on my side. Her logic, I presume,
was that my side of the bed was okay to sleep on so she went for
it. Smart, but not what we're trying to encourage.

Synced with James after standup about Swift eventing. Got the build
working after some trial and error. Big lesson: open xcodeworkspace
file when you are using cocoapods. When you try to run the
xcodeproject file, it'll barf. Womp womp.

Spent the rest of the day working on the hack. Swift events are
handled in RN but I don't think it can override the already mounted
swift view. Will need to rethink the hack. Maybe we render RN on the
interstial view but embed the ScreenRecorder logic in swift? James
knows more about why that architecture is the way it is. Will defer to
him tomorrow.

Went to USPS during lunch to drop off Mona's bluetooth headphones for
her. I called USPS to learn if I could mail them in a tin can. I can
(hyuck hyuck hyuck).

Came back, hopped on focusmate for some more hackathon
brainstorming. Had a session with Linda Brandt again who loved the
idea of a treadmill desk race. We've scheduled it for August
19th. Yes!

Mariana also got the professional photos back from our second wedding!
We watched them together after work. Incredible. Seriously, some
photos are just a wall but her eye is so good. Caught light and
composition masterfully.

Had a power nap during the day. Came on from overeating during
lunch. I ate a bunch of cornchips and cornbread with the
chili. Probably not used to that much processed food. I ate them
because we had them. Not terrible, but they aren't part of the yearly
goal.

Made pasta with cashew, onion, nutritional yeast sauce. Mixed in
chopped kale and cherry tomatoes. Delicious.

Have a fun glow project to work on tomorrow

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/12/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 5:30am, struggled with it for a bit. Almost went back to
sleep. Stuck the landing and wrote this wake up note at 5:47am. Leche
got up too though I think she will fall asleep on the office bed

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Spent the day drafting the broadcaster chat solution. Will need to
sync with James tomorrow about some swift code. Cancelled lots of SAAS
products for cheaper ones. Nearly done with them all.

Made a three bean chili and cornbread. Mariana didn't like either of
them. Bummer. Less spicy next time. Cornbread was friggen bomb though.

Threw the ball with Leche in the driveway. Went on a few walks. Forgot
to mail Mona's headphones to her. Tomorrow. Had a morning call with
Dad today. Audio wasn't great but it was good to see / hear him.

Walked for about an hour on the treadmill (3mph).

Leche is sleepin on the floor in our room tonight. If she gets on the
bed, she'll go back to her crate.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/11/2022
** Summary

I did not wake up early as expected. Went to bed (and fell asleep)
much later. Did my workout later in the day. Hopped on 100in100 launch
call, jumped off quickly after. Will get email about rules.

Had call with Glow team at 9am. Wrote the feature I want to build for
Glow.

The phrase "Majoring in minor things" caught my attention
recently. Good to think about, but not too long.

Had lunch with Simon. Made salads for us, ate on deck. Took Leche on
another walk after salads.

Did workout once sun had gone down enough to shade the gym.

Invited more neighbors to the dog beach day on Saturday. Went to
Sprouts for vegan chili recipe, Mariana's groceries and Leche's food.

Asked tax guy a question about how take home salary will change.

Sitting outside on the deck while I write this. Wearing the noise
cancelling ear muffs. Finding moments of pause.

Going to bed soon.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/10/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and made black tea. Mariana asked to wake her
up at 8 but she got up at 9 instead. Went on neighborhood dog walk at
10am with Mariana and Leche. Other neighbors couldn't make it this
week.

Came back and made oatmeal smoothie for breakfast. Shared with
Mariana. She went to a kickball game at noon, I reviewed finances and
got a lower rate on insurance after calling them. Called cell phone
carrier again. Going to do it again before bed. If it doesn't work,
will switch carriers.

Went to the beach with Mariana. Took a while to get parking. Surfed
for about an hour. Came back after about 2hours at the beach. Walked
Leche again. Made pasta for dinner.

Tomorrow, I'll wake up early to hear the 100in100 rules, standup at
9am, lunch with Simon at noon and sync with James about what to work
on this week.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
b34eb657ab3153dezq0n+YI6O1JKWfXuOLnXIXQw4QBaaBlAGDVOCPePBmmsMWq0pgTSNDdU7Glr+p3h7MJLxqXVLyFzAoc/Q510gwebyE9OlmKYPDxR/6rqUEffpMfjwBsQH2kfD+NpREPsj7ntU60u/xIjnf/m7wOhypmXR+fbGGjZbHT22BEhn547ItMrfcsxkkeC0t86/5uZV6Q8ozJLR74o6zQM5tfiBe9X0wKFTBuUjFWYSixO2v4=
PRIVATE
* 07/09/2022
** Summary

I woke up and had made oatmeal for breakfast with Mariana. Took Leche
on a walk after that. Pretty chill day. Cleaned the boardgame and
movie closet. Lots of clutter on the floor. It's clean enough to walk
in and make sense of what is in there now.

Leche and I took Mariana to swim appointment. Drove back, Mariana
called and said she forgot goggles, we dropped them off. Lots of
driving today. Came home again and washed Leche outside. It's the best
system. We save money, less mess inside, Leche isn't in a closed
space, she gets sun. Everybody wins. Picked up Mariana after.

Mariana went to have coffee with Moti. I stayed and did some
chores. Did a bit of a brain dump on a focusmate call but didn't save
and computer crashed so I lost those notes. Oh well. Wrote a draft of
what I'd like to email out to my tinyletter subscribers. The gist is
on strategies to keep pushing projects out while you are working full
time.

Went to the grocery store for pizza ingredients for movie night. Lots
of driving today. Mariana got back and we went to walk Lexi's dog
Oglethorp who was left home alone for the day while Lexi went to a
wedding. Cute dog.

Came home and prepared the pizzas. Used the countertop oven which was
pretty efficient. Mariana said her pizza was a little underdone. I
think maybe because the dough was more wet than mine or because it
wasn't baked long enough. Mine was decent. No oil, no cheese, whole
wheat grain.

We watched Tarantino's "The Hateful Eight" which Mariana hadn't
seen. Tarantino is good at writing scenes that are unfortable for
audiences to watch. Mariana had a discussion about how he sets up the
female character played by Jennifer Jason Leigh to be a punching bag.

I made popcorn and a banana chocolate smoothie. Long movie. Went to
bed after. Leche slept in our room and eventually snuck her way onto
the bed by Mariana's feet

* 07/08/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 6am to do a SL workout before demo day at 8am. Took Leche
on a short walk around the block before coming back to deploy some
last minute changes before demo.

Demo went well but I was surprised by the user survey feedback we
received. Makes me not want to build out this hack project more. Maybe
we just need to survey more folks.

Some of the demos were pretty interesting. I would be happy building
out some of them, others not so much.

Later in the day I partially cleaned the game closet. Scheduled doctor
appointment. Listed old speakers on craigslist. Picked up dog food for
Leche and ingredients for pasta dinner. Vegan cashew alfredo sauce
(nutritional yeast, onions and garlic were key).

We already have a high speed blender. Works perfectly fine.

Mariana and I took Leche to dog park after her work. Took 20min to get
there and stayed for about 40 before heading back. Leche had a
blast. A small episode with another dog where both of them were at
each other's neck. Pulled Leche away but the other kept going so
picked up Leche. We had a cool down then left.

Made dinner when we got back. Delicious. Mariana said she loved it
too. Could use more cheese though.

Unwinded by farting around on the internet. Waffling on what I should
focus on next. Not worrying about it, will sleep on it.

Took a walk with Mariana and Leche. Energy was perfect until we
started talking about saving money. Then the waters got a bit choppier
but not too bad. Good conversations. Moving forward.

Pretty tired now. Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/07/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am today and took Leche for a walk before Mariana
left for work. We returned as she was heading out. Ran into Pam and
Flicka on our walk. Later to Goose and Clementine.

Synced with James and Torin about the hack project. Got the voting and
live upload working. Will merge and do a play test tomorrow morning
before the demo.

Had lentils and rice for lunch. Made a "fried" rice stir fry that was
a hit: white rice, air fried super firm tofu (plain), air fried
broccoli, carrots, half onion, garlic ginger, sliced mushrooms, green
onion. sauce of white miso paste, tamari sauce, sriracha, rice
vinegar, sesame seeds and water). Delicious.

Snack of apple. Breakfast of pb and banana smoothie. Made a fruit
smoothie after walking on treadmill for 40min (strawberry, frozen
raspberry, mango, frozen cantelope, beat root powder, chia seeds,
water). Delicious.

Maintenance person looked at washer again today. Will need to get
another part to fix. Called doctor's office to see if they accept
insurance. Insurance company sent me a list of doctors but none at the
location I went to for COVID screening. Will call again tomorrow.

Will do a SL first thing in the morning then setup for demo then take
Leche on a walk before the 5 hours of demos.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/06/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am and did my SL workout before Mariana left for
work. Leche's overnight slow cooker food additives were done by
morning and she had some with her kibble. Loved it. Mariana was
worried sweet potato is bad for her. Quick Google concensus says
otherwise but some say to serve in moderation. This will be the last
batch she gets. Using Maru's recipe going forward.

We went on our walk and ran into Truffles who we hadn't seen in a
while. Made a banana, oatmeal, peanut butter and almond milk smoothie
for breakfast. Lentils and rice for lunch. PB sandwich for
snack. Banana on raisin bread for snack. Apple for snack. Three tofu
tacos on nopales tortillas and a small salad for dinner.

Focused on the bracket system for work. Got it running with lots of
visual components stubbed out. Still need to add the timers for
tomorrow.

Had a headache for most of the day. First day with no caffeine in a
while. Caffeine in all its forms finds a way into the diet. Not a fan
of this headache and hoping I get back to normal soon.

Stayed heads down on the hackathon project all day. Cleaned the garden
and gym after work.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/05/2022
** Summary

Rough day. I'm not sure how long I need to myself after a "travel
weekend" (trip to TJ, camping, beach day, etc) but it's necessary for
my well being. Mostly, its just to get the house and its rhythms back
in order (regular cleaning, groceries, water, etc). After work today I
focused on re-establishing some of these rhythms.

Work was mildly productive though I didn't make the headway I
expected. I think for Friday's demo we should go back to the
previously discussed plan of bracket system. I will spend tomorrow
working on the vote routing.

No more coffee tomorrow. Caffeine has been in my system unnecessarily
and it makes my thinking shifty and jittery. No good. Mint tea it is
tomorrow. Most importantly, I'll do an exercise in the morning to get
the blood flowing. It's nice to do these exercises before the sun
bakes the gym.

Leche ate dry only dry dog food today. Good for her. She gets stubborn
and expects to eat cooked chicken and vegetables (especially after
visiting Maru). She's not too stubborn that she won't eat when she's
hungry.

Went to the grocery store and stayed within budget. I didn't bring my
cash as I expected but I'll deduct from the envelope.

Cooked green lentils and wild rice for dinner. Started Leche's food of
sweet potato, carrot and ground turkey. Her weekly food additions are
about 10% of our weekly budget. She loves it.

Cleaned a few sections of the house today. Going to do more tomorrow
after work.

Going to bed now.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/04/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 9am or so naturally and made coffee and oatmeal for
Mariana. Took Leche on her walk, came home, packed the truck and
dropped Leche off at daycare. Drove to Manhattan beach. Stopped at
Ralphs for Mariana to get snacks for beach day.

Got to beach by noon. We brought lots of gear. Shade structure,
towels, surf board, boggie board, spike ball and snacks. Ulysses and
Sabrina arrived a few minutes later.

We didn't play spike ball but did get out in the water. Ulysses surfed
and I boogie boarded. Boogie boarding is definitely not as fun as
surfing. Still great to get out there though.

Picked up Leche around 7:30/8pm and came home. Made a chickpea gnocci
with tomato garlic sauce. I added spinach to the blended
sauce. Mistake. Tasted good but didn't look as good. Did my pushups
while Mariana showered. I showered after dinner.

Mariana watched Free Willy. I wasted time on the computer. Maybe an
hour an a half. I need to get a good weight lift in tomorrow. Don't
feel 100% like I do after a consistent weight routine.

Going to sleep now.

* 07/03/2022
** Summary

We went whale watching in San Diego for Mariana's birthday today. Left
Playas around noon. Dropped Maru off as we entered the Sentri line,
she walked and we waited maybe 15min to see the guard. He wished
Mariana a happy birthday and said he'd pray that we see whales out
there.

Mariana and I went to Levi's in the Las Americas mall before going to
pick up Maru. Picked Maru up then went to Extraordinary Desserts, a
special dessert place in San Diego. I ordered a vegetable
plate. Mariana had a mushroom melt and Maru ordered grilled cheese.

Mariana ordered three desserts: lemon bar and big whipped cream dish
for her and her mom, vegan peanut butter cookie for me.

We saw three blue whales while out there. LOAAAADS of dolphins. It was
incredible. It took about an hour before we saw the whale. Scouting is
fun. Scan the horizon for big gysers of water.

Drove back to TJ to drop off Maru and pack the car to head back
home. I was pretty tired so went to Starbucks in playas hoping to get
a matcha. It was closed and I got worried I'd be too tired to
drive. There was a starbucks in Chula Vista that closed at 11:30pm
that we could just barely make it to if we got lucky. We did. Made it
home by 2am. Went straight to sleep.

* 07/02/2022
** Summary

I woke up with an alarm today at 8:30am and took Leche and Tango for a
walk. We walked around the park first to get their poop out then
walked to Das Cortez for a coffee. The baristas gave them both a dog
treat.

Tango barked once at one patron and peed on the trash can. I cleaned
it up with napkins and the barrista helped with a mop.

On the way into the cafe, we ran into another gringo with a
dog. Couldn't say hello because Tango barked.

Had coffee and the mint tea with Maru on the deck while Mariana went
to her dentist. Stayed out there when they went for hair cut. Went to
Calimax to buy some greens (kale -- col risada), garbanzo beans and
corn for lunch salad. Also bought tortillas de nopales because I
haven't tried them before.

Microwaved some sweet potatoes and made a salad. Wrote some spanish
flashcards on the deck. Ate another salad a few hours later before
heading to Caesars downtown for dinner. Maru ran into an old friend
from middle school she hadn't seen in a decade. That chat for while
and he was enamored with her.

We went inside. Ordered champinones, Maru and Mariana split the beef
marrow sopes, we all shared a Caesar's salad (the original). I had a
tortilla soup, Maru and Mariana had a french onion soup.

Came home and fell asleep watching "Everything, Everywhere, All at
Once". Great movie but we were super tired.

<<PRIVATE
b70b0636320708d3ini98FERXVKdaR77EKrNAG5OEDu7xRiQT22/XdaCr9CmBVuRpnrr4Hbijm7OW0Ljswswn/CQ5mY5wQeoGBi9KQEa8mBVPdBUUkthSrIXYdzXLixxzPbYL8qwU/fVZN4SaP3GdVvufzX408EVBHGSZD0sLUIMG4GQRmqPdCIVtYa2avmPkmbmks/Hz0zpghU4EDKWkv2iB2tXVsu2eBkpnDw2aIHDzFBGo6brin5f9dfaRJgXD/IJeLN2XxrlNuVvsTd99xNWG7apMbayq4945RzYdOFlXPh0UVjVQQ==
PRIVATE
* 07/01/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 7:30am and went to das cortez with Leche to get cafes for
Mariana and me. The recognized Leche and gave her a treat. Came back
and hopped on a focusmate call to work on YesAnd prototype.

Got the engine working in a good state, will swap out pre-recorded
video for live on tuesday.

Took Leche and Tango on a walk with Mariana. Went to vegan restaurant
for lunch. Delicious.

Had those leftovers for dinner. Went to Michelle and Sergio's house to
see their new bebe (Camilla) who is now 25 days old. Came back at
midnight. Pretty tired now. Going to sleep.

<<PRIVATE
edbbba8b89ccba426ZC+hmUJXtw3eWSm26zL0AEyLsTEAE8FKKQ6qVcu2I7ejoCewBCj6O2xrIic57fOCcuPwyCT2vkWQaBCeKWne0Y7eDqnzD1fQJqCxV4sJN8YvFPbIutulxISkc/ADbE46FE7LcnScjGcAwy1XPJlmv72WEZP9GXUVVTYeZUtliAiwpsf7nopx/9++qcGIrLKVkhHP8TMjzhznoiBgKje+XUmmTtxPRjm/rMdr76yjDdQpHOOB7IjnaLy89xGUk8a0RmQwQS4WS9JO0abtBqMA9b0T2mZRYL60acSjGRVxu8LdMTzwLE9YGJeDZ7ZFigDj2QiJcFQ+yZW8vcllxRelslaGOWNwMcu6y4sV0MZ4dn96qMBdDk5/dhGtdwaTOpdEuHCov/ouIxUoRBr0V0p88p5WUo=
PRIVATE
* 06/30/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am today with the vacuum going off. My alarm was set to
silent I guess because I didn't hear it. Met with Charles, James and
Torin about hackday project. Scoped it down significantly but did even
more scope down today.

Had tofu salad for lunch. Coffee with oatmeal for breakfast. Pushups
in the morning. Took Leche on walk up hill. Packed bag for weekend in
TJ. Got to TJ at 11pm and continued working on hackday problem. Need
to lock down the round mechanics tomorrow. Successfully go from round
1 to round 2.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/29/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am today and made coffee. Hopped on call with Charles at
9am and James at 10am then took Leche for a short walk. She didn't
want to leave the steps. Some back and forth on what the hack day
project is, but I think it's a good one.

Went for lunch with Mariana and her coworker at Mizlala. I had a
falafel salad. Delicious. Would not get the pita even though looks
like fresh baked bread. Salad was that good. We talked about astronomy
for a bit. Nice.

Went to pick up Mariana's lime tree bday gift from nursery that
actually had it. It fell down in the truck bed on the way back but all
is good. It's a beautiful tree.

Came back to the house and got a react firebase app setup. Had
coworking session with Chase. Learned his dog is a truffle dog. Spent
the rest of the day thinking about the data model and waffling on how
"rounds" are gonna feel. Eventually just thought to prototype an app
with fake data but that goes through the whole state machine round by
round.

I'll work on that conceptually a bit more before bed.

Going to bed now. Did pushups in the morning before coffee.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/28/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am and made coffee before call at 8am to pitch my
idea to the team. Spoke with James afterward as he may help out with
some of the building. During conversation was inspired to add some
features to Glow too. I think I'll do those after this hack project

Pitched the idea to Islam and Nate. Islam thinks its interesting but
maybe not huge. Nate thinks its interesting for actors / improv folks.

If you can get MORE people playing every day, we can reach out for
sponsors.

Mocked up wireframes for chatting with Charles tomorrow. Deep cleaned
bedroom in hopes we aren't stuffy in the morning.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
c9e74c1c5f8a581ad/uTmS8y2tgMm9mB8NhQYOPSkXf6DJ00zjcQW1DWSvNVJC4xsBNAmSA2BRGLZm5MAXk8m/cG4EJ3NlYDQ6C4qYP0WstMJoUK95lphDeyA1HSEF6U4KQmrFeb1XYYUDUVza7fadXi+hU86CCVwUKw3L1oF8ESFPigtOhtR7VQCJCdhIFdO1KpDuUKKzGaT4brSV05juQMnV4kImzAFjI/lg2JkyH7JYaxa166o7VyyKX9JyVzGbx5WxsZZaJTDfdrKhEEJujuGU/ChMwy1K7qmevKVMo+eWAMWkOgmWnhEt8iBcBHallneqHDlAZyvfvAxH2ANrPzxY1eS4jXBKHEJk4CnvB9TFDjyjk9Pwjf+RVO91L+KuQj6HXxhJyZ8Wwa4WMDTf07byrPYwfwFnzxQls+4yfUpLpqTqabWJYkfD45VTAXcEh122+Rqz9p7fTopzgpmfojsuLglQ1i9lk/XMHHi4bbhMp8nJD8hmgz+6iBW0mW574w/3WPrf/pp+sGmHzQelE3ki/q4lgBZxejJ63xRMpeaMt+HGMGQJM8D1lEF9bdQ/c8QAPNQ0Fc4cT6F70m2Zzpup6kt0ZlHQybLd9QDFrV+uJWU9Z1ovzqU5Q9pHRqpbn16jVpiTgWOaG1c7sb55C/YXt4MKZ6+Y3AmPkI284SoKcAWhJsdb8yOL0Nn8RBenywvsK6TNWJhJkyDhMuMbMreOpCbii8wTjYMDKa4ig8Usj0VEtXW3Czo4/OnGSjCRQPmsm5TUB7ogoH6nT/SLjSVlitDZhuCicz/qwwG+3Pdvj0lGw+O7ln4LuMcyaEes+ZLCwUrYFC5bVc/ipZ0I58kq1RpWKJbRdWFNJA2V2baGY8BRsLjQQWZjmjGd6qCAbOW7JGQ3nCW6I2R8Nx+EXGS9xTtznralV64T/OuPaUQQOhCOxaWyhUx8PYIKXl5c5KRzGzI2qpPlHB5d+XAN00fSTIkZwTCGqi97Q8zQ8NlAdfBTQvCeZ7+ZFvjaqkG3a+x0MOIGAbKkFvEjnjPIwPTEvkfjkljUIGFGhp0C4prX9v2D/YvLszmBVE0p4qLElr8GvqKbuEZDtYl0RtfAXZy8F9kkdmfpVHWQ9UlTjRjXpEsWel4utIOAaiMFY1uOiKz+DZHcDPGBzL6D/9GibwG0ZWbf35aYqcRqGcEcp/dbZSvC1BteLFGnGSkoYvBmflelJMwqfCmcNDvIIJuOGbSakp4TLQBKRWr2HP7CqJeuSgqHniWVzyC7grmVCHWkLuQOzRv5Uy/pJK/mLrljv7qAjjhk9OxcVFKjJnJ6deGCRKfVj3OUJPPgLkmYQyluAxks7ef/5n8NUoIDXL3XPzNU+NPgrJJSm3QJsm47GDdS4n4d93my7mAmyJDhVr+3Exxubd97UbGEOdDmoojDOtn5hbeKvMFNhRTAh5I5JXvBRC6QwJkCs4O9Cmd82P5mxieiPzad6gj1VAVZtmwMK7DPnx9QESv8JHtBrirWXEh0TGDre1AegBVWkKmo+bBY0/9wtPX+MPgaKCOwmXQ4vwhz8BlIZNx92oiyAEzM0e5ZFmv/qItFDjeUXjCmqYPj5Iuo5mN7hgVo3J4dPyM7q51/gRmRWdKZYG1Snpe86AD8L3bc9LUsNERa2/51W9B29c/OmcZWSmhFlBn+SCkzeVkWVaJpC4wDnPZs9oFpTZUKfy3Cv8MRTxPDEEmDsaY1HT+RGucMPZQQhEOr5IaFRP+mI/O3M2qJ4Cf8W7QTyhGpHjj5LvLzfy+jUOoMR9aLIGB4rErWZbMbSKIMOVcw8ug0DnibisnKP39bLya4/cNt/+scZV8xI8s6L4/FdTwyklyswX083lmhiYX4bFTjg9v6iU38kPle8vfgSg8vU+sNxUXqDKqedqj82LNPzK6aO0zm5AYdmltYTN
PRIVATE
* 06/27/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 5:55am and went headed to Venice to surf. It takes about
15min to get out there with no traffic. Took 30min to get back
though. Hit every light. I think the trick for a morning surf is to
leave Venice by 6:30am or 7am latest. Surf was good though. No big
waves but caught some smaller ones. Caught one really quick too. No
paddeling just jumped right on the wave.

Got home, posted to my brothers in spanish. Hosed off and went in for
shower. Mariana was still waking up. 8am by this point. I made a cup
of mushroom mix (Laird's) with 1tsp cocoa, molasses and maple
syrup. It was pretty bad. I think cocoa has got to be in a smoothie or
something. Going to try that vegan frosty idea from "whole foods plant
based" show. Plan for that next week.

Bought new ticket for company offsite. Took a while since I had to
call their service reps to schedule it. Website errored after I had a
cached seat selection or something.

Came up with lightening pitch for tomorrow. I like it but am tempted
to build something simpler we can execute on better as a team. Maybe
it'll come to me before the pitch meeting tomorrow.

Chat with Kevin Cuevas for a bit, we're gonna have a co-working
session next week.

Did 100 pushups in the morning. Some on the beach too. Shared some
stuff about Street Foodle. No engagement.

After work, started laundry. Went to pick up water, atm and grocery
store. After yesterday's review, I'll be doing envelope budget for our
second biggest monthly expense: food (groceries and restaurant).

It's kind of amazing how much execess I buy in this category and how
easily it adds up. Groceries were $75 today.

Made a tomato salsa and stored it in half gallon jar. Love it. Had
rice, bean and corn tacos with 1/8 avocado on corn tortillas. Will
start making a tortilla masa ball to keep in the fridge. Pretty easy
to make fresh tortillas if we keep that handy every week. Totally
doable.

Made Leche her slow cooked food: chicken, carrots, camote.

Finished laundry at 11pm. Going to bed now

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 06/26/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am and made coffee. Sent Maru a link to
https://encapsulate.me/streetfoodle to get her review. She approved.

Went on dog walk with neighbors. Seven dogs and people! The most
yet. We crossed overland, walked up the stairs and in that
neighborhood. Great day for walk. Yo practique mi espanol con Fernanda
y su mama y Jon. Ella desde Ciudad de Mexico. Los perros se llama
"Coffee" y "Rudy".

Came back home and messaged out Street Foodle.

Started to plan a trip for the Great American Eclipse in 2024 but
stopped because I want to see if I can forecast which city will likely
have the clearest sky. Considering its a Monday, I think it'll make
sense to choose whichever city is easiest to get to and is fun to stay
in a few days before and after.

Made a rice and bean salad with corn, cherry tomatoes, cilantro,
lemon, garlic, tahini sauce. Had three tacos of it and 1/8
avocado. Delicious.

Did my pushups and took Leche on a walk.

Cleaned kitchen and bathroom with orange peel spray and small brush.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/25/2022
** Summary

I woke up and made coffee. Super congested was worried I had COVID so
scheduled appointment where Mariana got her test. I'll make them my
primary practitioner now. Don't have COVID.

Took Leche on walk up hill. We saw Karla and walked with her and
Dwayne for a bit. Came home and worked on Street Foodle (fixed the
state managment) before going to Jesus' going away party in Long Beach.

I ate meat (birria) though it wasn't worth breaking my whole foods
plant based diet. I kinda think all this congestion may be because I
had animal fats over the last week (Monday, Saturday). Maybe not though.

Had tofu sandwhiches with Mariana for lunch then took Leche back to
the house, turned on the AC (energy saver mode) and went to Jesus'
party. Brought an extra sandwhich in case the food was only
meat. Still ate the sandwhich later.

Some dancing and karaoke later in the night. Jesus' friend sand "Freak
on a Leash". Hilarious. Listened to Korn and Marilyn Manson on the way
home. Great production but not for me anymore.

Forgot to do pushups (and write this). Came home and passed out.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/24/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8:30am and made coffee. Standup at 9am where we talked
about upcoming hackathon. Took Leche on a walk.

Did SL workout in the afternoon. Was drained. Squat + pushups, bench,
deadlift. Had beetroot + raspberry during. Didn't help much, just felt
pretty lazy. Possibly all mental, could be related to recent sinus
congestion.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/23/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:30am to take the car to VW service center for
appointment at 7:20am They changed oil, looked for leak, replaced
brake pads and front rotors, rotated tires, replaced serpentine belt
and swapped a recalled piece (plastic dash piece).

They sent me back home in Lyft right on time for 8am standup. Spent
the day reviewing our draft ideas.

We'll be doing a hack week soon. Details on that tomorrow. Had
coworking session with Evan at 4pm.

Wrote our wedding vows down (in this log) and shared with Dad.

Am super congested for some reason. Sneezed all day and lost like 1 lb
of liquid from snot. Gross. Threw the ball with Leche at lunch but
only for a bit. Too hot to stay outside in pants. Came in and switched
to shorts and sandles before taking her on a walk. Got an oat milk
matcha from Commissary. Leche came with.

Had two cups of coffee in the morning too. Not a great day for my
caffeine use. Drank it mostly to fight the lethargy from the
congestion.

Picked up the car at 5pm (Lyfted over) and drove back. 10x more
expensive that expected (serpentine belt replacement, rotor and pad
replacement were not initially priced out)

Came home and made split pea soup (canned) from Trader Joes for
dinner. I added baked tofuk, half a sweet potato and some wild rice to
mine (leftover from today's salad lunch).

Took a shower, did my pushups, wrote this.

I'm not tired now but should wind down. Will make some sleepy tea
(camomile or valerian if we have it) and refresh my memory on the
state of the "street foodle" app. Would like to send that to Maru
soon.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 06/22/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am today and made coffee before hopping on
brainstorming session at 8am. Like yesterday went in sessions. Did a
vote on which idea to vet out today and am supposed to brainstorm UX
by tomorrow.

Took Leche on walk after first session. Met up with Islam and talked
different software ideas. Walked to get coffee at commissary. He said
he would just get water so we went to Naoum's instead. He got coconut
water and I got a bottle of sparkling water and a matcha with oatmilk.

He was down here talking to friends and a hardware VC. Interesting
space he's thinking about.

Met up with Matthew, Bree and two of his coworkers for dinner in
Venice. Restaurant called Neighbor. Pretty good. Ordered the
Impossible burger with fries and a kombucha.

Got home, took Leche for a walk and wrote a 3-panel figma draft of the
idea we came up with today.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/21/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am today and went to Nauom's for a coffee at 7:40am,
just before meeting at 8am. More brainstorming. Took Leche on walk
during east coast's lunch break.

Usefull exercise today. Hopefully finish it up tomorrow.

Asked twitter friends if they could nominate me for !!Con
talk. Nominated a designer friend too.

Several guests from our wedding got COVID. Jacqueline, Jason, Alex,
Dad. No bueno. Mariana and I are fine. I was a bit sluggish today. I
think because lack of sleep and all the travel. Needed to decompress.

After work I washed the car at the DIY place. I think $8 in total as I
had left over quarters from roll. Included 4-min vaccuum for $1 and $1
scented tree. Probably should stop with those sented trees, probably
not good to breath that in all the time.

Went to Trader Joes to pick up Leche some chicken and some fruits and
veg for the week for us. Thinking about eating buddha bowls regularly.

Send thank you notes to guests I hadn't said thank you to and used the
gift card Nate & Melissa got us on a 3-in-1 microwave, air fryer combo
machine. Will be here next week.

Next month, I'll order the blender upgrade.

Did my pushups but no other workout.

Made popcorn and watched Curb Your Enthusiasm. Its not a funny show.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/20/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and had some coffee with Dad. Talked about the great
weekend and plan for the day. Went to starbucks with him for coffee
for Mona and flat white for Maru. Went to Yogurt Place after. Walked
to beach while waiting. Ordered chilaquiles rojos, revueltos con
chorizo soya, a green juice and a coffee. Delicious.

Back home, backed up everything from the day before and wished Dad and
Mona safe travels on way back to states. Mariana and I hung out until
4pm when we got call that Alex tested positive for covid. We cancelled
our plans to see new friend baby. Hung out for bit longer. I took
Leche to Das Cortez and got a coffee. Breeze died out and it was
pretty hot in playas. Had a quarter of the coffee outside in the
shade. Car was packed, we left pretty soon after Das Cortez
trip. Bought gasoline with $100 USD bill, gave change in USD and
pesos. Headed to line which was pretty fast. Agent we had was more
inquisitive, looked through our windows for anything suspicious. Car
ahead of ours he opened the trunk for.

Went to Rubios on H street. Mariana ordered a classic shrimp burrito,
I ordered a taco salad with Impossible burger meat. Pretty great
tasting meat alternative actually. Leche sat patiently. I gave her
some chips. Mariana went to walk around while I finished. She bought
some vans while Leche and I explored the outdoor mall. Got back in
car, listened to a couple podcasts (The Best One Yet, Planet Money,
Andrew Hubermann) before getting to LA round 9:30pm. Took Leche on
walk, unpacked everything and started typing these notes. Super
tired. Bed time.

* 06/19/2022
** Summary
Woke up early around 7:30am but got out of bed around 8am. Bright room
really helps with that. Realize our room in LA is more cavelike. Made
oatmeal and packed. Got coffee from main road in Tecate. Went back to
TJ, setup shade structure and tables for taco bbq Maru setup. Alex got
tacos with us before I took him to border walking line. Jered,
Jacqueline, Jon, Claudia, Servando showed up around 1:15ish after
hitting up record store. Alex made safely to airport and back home to
PDX.

Played cornhole, ate tacos, got conchas. Dad won four games in a
row. Went to bed at 8pm. Took Tango and Leche on walk with Jered and
Jon. Talked vegan, gardening, content filtering idea.

More tacos back home, more conversation. Rafaella like playing corn
hole but she just dropped the bag in the hole. Leche liked playing by
returning any bag we threw on the board.

Went to bed late around 1am. Mariana stayed up till 4am with her mom.

* 06/18/2022
** Summary

I woke up naturally pretty early. Maybe around 5am when nearby
roosters started crowing with the sunrise. Felt like they crowed long
before the sunrise. I was rested enough I could have gotten up by them
but slept till 7 (or 8?) am before getting up.

I made a coffee from the free coffee in the room and oatmeal I
brought. Put banana and flax seed in it with mixed in berries from
pb&berry sandwhiches I made. Hair and makeup stylists said they were
on their way and we figured they would be at hotel earlier than we
planned (10am). Did my pushups while Mariana took her shower. I took
mine after. Conditioned hair as requested by stylist and left it wet.

They arrived and I helped them bring their bags in. Mariana's makeup
was first while my hair got blow dried. It took maybe 30 min in
total. Was super straight a poofy afterward. Took some getting used to
and knew it would be super hot to wear down all night. Fria--the
hairstylist--finished and went to style Mariana's. A few corrections
on both makeup and hair to get it just right but looked great in the
end. We both got dressed pretty quickly and headed to the
venue. Planned to take an uber but uber wasn't matching us and we had
stuff to take.

Got to the venue and on the way in checked in with security. "We're
here for our wedding" we said. The guard started to phone in Yair--the
event coordinator--before smiling and saying...welcome (to the fully
dressed bride and groom).

Waited for Laura the florist to show up with the flowers. Laura
brought her husband, young child and two friends / coworkers to help
setup. Incredible flowers.. Stunning colors and great vases. All
labors of love. The table looked amazing with all the ceramic work. We
double checked the seating chart and noticed only one seating
adjustment (Mona and my Dad's seats were swapped).

After setting up the seating chart, Valeria the photographer
arrived. We started taking our shots. Walked in the entry way first
with lots of nature overhangs. Borrowed a dark umbrella from the venue
we didn't end up using.

Walked around the ranch and posed in lots of cool spots. Pretty bright
sun. Some shots were in full sun, others in partial shade. Excited to
see how some of them turn out. One was pretty funny: She told me to
unbotton and button the second from top button of my shirt while she
panned the camera (video mode). I assume a slow motion shot. Might be
cool, might be really weird.

We were taking photos for maybe an hour before first guests showed
up. Maru, Higginses and Almarazes. Great wall of hugs. They were
followed shortly by lots of Navarros and Diazes. I know everyone who
was invited but I've never experienced that many handshakes / hugs/
cheek kisses greetings which I was responsible for in such a short
time. It was nice.

Mariana and I went to the front "courtyard" to wait as people came
in. Pablo and Isabel showed up dressed super cool and we were nearly
ready to start. Mariana was upset that the restaurant was playing
music in the bar room different from music on the dance floor. She
spoke with Yair to fix that. We went into the bar room to say hello to
a few more people before heading back to courtyard to wait. Jason came
by to say hello and we chat about Currie.

Mariana went to the DJ to tell him to put on "Poco a Poco" (Natalia
Lafourcade y Juan Gabriel) so that we could walk to the stage. We
waited for a bit into the song before starting the walk. A few guests
had to move to allow us to walk. Rafaella was in the front standing.

We got to the top where we met Leo dressed in a cool pink guayabera
and white(ish?) hat. He had a mic and began the ceremony. Reading his
notes he thanked everyone for coming, introduced himself and said some
very kind words about him being accepted as family. He told everyone
that even though Efren was not with us physically, he was with us in
spirit and that today was in fact his birthday. Later, Mema told us
that hummingbirds were over our heads during our vows ceremony and
that she knew they were Efren's spirit.

Leo asked for a moment to honor Efren and we all did.

He then stated "Justin and Mariana..." and held a pause. We forgot
that we were supposed to step forward and hold each other's hands. He
asked if we would love each other and I thought we were supposed to
say "We do" but then Mariana said "Si" and I thought maybe I messed
up. I don't think so.

Mariana then begain reading her vows. She said...

"""
Justin,

I feel so lucky an dproud to stand beside you today, just as we have
stood by each other these past five years.

I love that we met online, that I could find a person who was so
different in many ways, background, interests, personality, culture,
and at the same time so incredibly perfect for me.

Thank you for loving me for all that I am and for you never-ending
support.

You are one of a kind, you bring out the best in everyone who has the
pleasure of your company. You are thoughtful, dedicated, fun, and so
freaking smart. I love the way you light up when you get an idea or
when you learn something new. I love learning with you and from you.

I admire how you handle pretty much anything with such ease and
positivity, how much care and focus you put into being present with
who you are and how you are in this world.

In you, I found a partner in life, a lover, a friend, a safe place,
someone I can be my most vulnerable with, who inspires me and respects
me. My home.

So today I vow to always be there for you,

When you need a friend, I'll be your best friend
When you want to try something new, I will encourage you.
When you want to let something go, I will support you.
When you do the same for me, I will appreciate you.
When you need someone to listen, I'll be all ears. Unless it is about
computers, sorry.
When you need care, I will care for you.
When you want to dance, I will teach you and when you want to stargaze
and talk about space, you can teach me.

I promise to always do my best to look on the bright side as you do,
to continuously work on myself to be better as an individual and as a
partner. I am so thankful that you are my person.

You have shown me unconditional love and I promise to treat you with
kindness and respect throughout the rest of our life together and to
always love you, truthfully and unconditionally.

Now, to end these words, I have a little poem that I plagiarized and
compiled from reddit, just for you, my sweet nerdy boy:

I always thought love was an abstract class until you made an instance
of it.

I think you are my compiler, my life wouldn't start without you.

You implement me.

Are you multithreaded? Because you've cause a race condition in my heart.

You are the semicolon to my statements and I am a boolean method where
love will always return true.

My love for you cannot be measured with an INT, not with a LONG, and
not even with an ARRAY.

It is out of bounds and infinite.

I love you.
"""

Beautiful. Hard not to cry. Could hear the family crying and sniffling
too. She ended her vows with some funny computer science puns. Thank
God, since it helped me catch my breath for my turn.

She passed me the mic. I kissed her and began reading mine. A few
sentences into mine, we started to hear DJ music. I could tell it was
distracting but figured someone would get the DJ to stop playing
shortly. It didn't and I ended up reading my vows while music was
playing in the background. I could tell Mariana was distracted by it
but I didn't stop. Another part of the distraction-- for me too-- was
hearing my own voice slightly delayed in the speakers behind me. I had
to slow down my rhythm so I could speak the full vows. I made it
through with only one frog in my through (the part before the poem).

I said...

"""
Mariana, I had no hope of finding you, but somehow we did.

In a heartbeat we have:
- Climbed down cliffs
- Belly crawled through darkness
- Slept on beaches, in buses and cars
- Stolen rocks to complete bonsai trees
- Adopted a beautiful, loving dog
- Seen the sun hide behind the moon
- Howled at that same moon with a campground of strangers
- Swam with whale sharks
- Got our car stuck on beaches (my fault, both times)

...and now we are here in this moment.

From you I've learned to appreciate the sea,
days with and without a plan,
and the phrase "no pasa nada".

You're my partner. My twin. I love to watch the world unfold with you
and I will sing your praises forever.

...but we're not here for that. We're here today to share our vows.

Promises.

What can I promise you?
Can I stop the world from spinning?
Or bring peace to warring minds?
Can I hold Truth without hymning?
I'll do my best in rhyme...

Mine is a budding
Mine is a love
Mine is a sowing
Mine is above
Mine is a river, I'll steer to you
Cold, warm and curving with life anew

Mine is hypnosis, a question echo eternal:
"What is closest to this? 1 second from here? 1 meter from now?"
Oft-lost in these thoughts, you rescue somehow.

Take me alone, steal me from mine
I'll run with you there, free of confounding sign.

Yours is attention
Yours is to cherrish
Yours is right here...right now...
Yours will not perish.

...And even though

The future is not ours to see
but work is Love come to light.

If you're tired, I'll make your bed.
If you despair, press on with all my might.

If you're angry, draw your bath.
If you're joyless, make you laugh.

If your feet are sore, with my hands I'll squeeze
If you're hungry, bring you plates of...your favorite foods.

And if we're blessed with children, I'll love them eternally.
For one and one makes one; perfect. striding. equality.

...And even though

One day we won't track years
and have no skin to hold up time
and all borders disappear
of what is yours and what is mine

The frontier is ever present
and I'll behold our dif-er-ence.

I love you unconditioned
from here and days forth hence.

Te amo.
"""

After we finished we kissed and celebrated with cheers from
everyone. Mona did the Arab tongue yell and I heard a few other
howls. We walked down to greet everyone. All the Higginses had cried
and made a "hayfever" joke. Mona said she started it. Jered and
Jacqueline asked "Can we get married again...at this place?"). Shook
hands and hugged and kissed more family as we walked over to dance
floor for an assortment of photos with bride and groom. Just ones
Mariana wanted (her mom, my dad, Higginses, her friends). A small
handful of shots before we told everyone to go sit down for dinner.

We waited for everyone to sit before we got a mic from DJ and walked
to our seats. I thanked everyone for coming and told them the ceramic
flower pots and candle holders were all made by hand by Mariana and
everyone could take them home. I requested people not fight over them
though. Sat down and ate the first course of fresh garden
salad. Delicious.

We sat with our backs to the sun. It hadn't set yet and was pretty
bright on the faces of guests on the other side. We originally had the
sunshade rolled down but Yair asked Mariana if we wanted it up because
the sun might be nice while people eat. It wasn't, we asked him to
roll them down. It took maybe 15 min for them to find the ladder to
roll the shade down. We all gave applause when they did. Night and day
difference. People could take off their sunglasses. Jason made a joke
about having a giant ball of burning gas in his face but then got self
conscious because I caught him telling Jered the joke. All good, it
was funny.

Had a watermelon meszcal drink and water. Same as Mariana. Apparently
some of her uncles were saying some distasteful things but thankfully
they stopped after Maru had told Mariana to ignore them. I didn't know
what happened until later that night.

Food started arriving and everyone seemed to enjoy their dish. If
there were some plate mixups it would be because the waiters were
asking guests what they ordered rather than looking at the seating
chart. Nobody complained to us if there was an issue.

Food was amazing. I had salmon which was cooked perfectly and served
over a sweet potato mash. Cheesecake for desert. Delicious.

Before I started desert, Dad and Maru gave their speeches. Both were
tear-jerkers but particularly my Dad's as he recalled some childhood
moments with my brothers and he (watching movies). He said how lucky
Mariana is to have found me but how even luckier I am to have found
her. Beautiful words. He requested everyone stand up and toast. We did
and hugged him too. Maru's speech was next and was given in
spanish. She was very thoughtful and wrote an English translation and
passed it around to my family. I watched her while she gave her speech
rather than reading the translations. I understood most of her words
but all of her sentiment. Beautiful speech love, marriage and what is
important in it.

Shortly after, Mariana and I had our first dance. We danced to Harvest
Moon by Neil Young under the treet near the tables. Turns out tht is
one of Maru's favorite songs (if not her favorite?). We danced and
talked to each other during the song. We forgot how long the song
was. Andrea, Luis, Tonya, Anahleh were coming back from the bar and
started slowly waving their hands back and forth in the air to the
beat. We joined them then finished our dance.

After that we went to the dance floor and got it started with a few
Selena songs. Half a dozen or dozen guests joined us. From there on
out, Mariana and I were on the dance floor. Only left to get water a
few times. Also to pull more folks on the dance floor (my brothers who
didn't join until later after my Dad pulled them out and anyone who
was around when "La Chona" came on). Got Alex on the dance floor early
on but he went back to the table at some point before my Dad looped
him and brothers.

Sabrina, Tonya, Andrea, Luis, Jon and Jacqueline were on the dance
floor for most of the night. They all were moving big time. Luis was
pretty funny and busted out lots of good moves. Never recycled
anything. Tonya had some strong moves too and she and Mariana latched
on a few times and danced really well. Sabrina was shining good vibes
all night too, always dancing. Andrea started a conga line at one
point. Jon busted out a C-walk for a bit. At one point a Mexican line
dancing song came on and it looked like lots of people knew what was
going on. Jacqueline included. I looked to her and she told me it was
a line dance so I followed along. After it was done, I looked again
and she was like "same thing but faster this time" and jeez was it
fast. What an exercise. Pretty sure I lost the plot in the last couple
cycles though.

Sabrina brought her dog Luisa who was super well behaved. She wore a
neck scarf made of the same material Sabrina's pants were made
from. For the rest of the night, Luisa sat on a coffee table next to
the dance floor covered in Sabrina's jacket.

When La Chona came on I pulled everyone to dance floor and had a
blast. It was followed by "Mambo Lupita". Double bangers. Loved
it. Earlier on, we played "Baby Shark" for Rafaella who was standing
on the dance floor. Everyone jumped at the opportunity to do baby
shark dance for her. She looked around at everyone then walked toward
the DJ and eventually did baby shark hands herself. Great
time. Rafaella danced in her abuella's, tia's, tio's (yo tambien)
throughout the night.

When Jason, Jered, Alex got pulled in I joked that there was no wall
for them to be a flower on and did an "ocho dance" againsta their
backs to push them toward the dance floor. Happy to have them out with
us.

Mariana changed out of wedding dress into shorter wedding dress and
different shoes. After a few songs, changed out of new shoes and into
flats Sabrina brought. What a great friend.

Claudia and Servando tore it up too. Danced for most of the night. At
some point saw them talking with Guerro at the bar. Good stuff.

Mariana queued up "Nour Al Ain" (aka the "habibi" song) with the DJ. I
went to look for Mona and found Alex. Asked him to tell his mom that a
song was going to play that we think she would recognize. Was worried
she wouldn't hear the song but she came right on time and started
dancing. Beautiful. Was looking for my other brothers who would
recognize it too. Didn't see Dad anywhere and then BOOM he literally
spins onto the dance floor do dance with his wife. Alex got it on
video and its one of my favorite clips from guests of the wedding so
far.

Corn hole was being played for most of the night. Tio Guerro was
dominating apparently though I don't think people were playing the
rules right. They were just going for most bags in hole and no
alternating turns so no opportunity to cancel points.

Burrito cart showed up and went to town on them. At some point I
looked over and saw Alex laughing with Marcella. Wonderful. Had a
quick dance with Maru, Tia Marta, Tia Ivon earlier. At one point, Luis
started a circle leg kick dance with everyone. It went for a while and
fast before we all split.

At 10pm we started winding down and people started saying
goodbye. Kissed everyone good night and thanked them for coming. What
a great day.

Mariana and I packed the car (corn hole, jenga, seating chart easel,
wine bottles) and thanked and tipped Yair before heading back to the
hotel. I read my vows to Mariana again so she could hear them this
time. Drank a little water and went to bed.

* 06/17/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today after some pretty great sleep. Felt like I
slept for two days.

Mariana, Leche, Tango and I went on walk to change some dollars into
pesos and pick up coffees from Das Cortez. We were worried about
Tango's poop because the second one had some bright red chunks in
it. Turns out he ate watermelon last night. LOL.

The baristas at Das Cortez recognized Leche. She jumped up with her
feet on the counter to say hi. I ordered an americano and Mariana had
a cap. Got back home and Maru made oatmeal for me. I added flax seed
and she added pecans, cranberry, almond milk and cinammon. Delicious.

Loaded the car for the drive to Tecate. Took Maru's car to pick up
some nipple tape for Mariana and some water and snacks for us. Got to
Tecate in about an hour.

Went straight to Tres Estrellas to drop off supplies. Had a bit of a
scare from Yarin--the restaurant manager who has been organizing the
whole event--that they would be ready for us in 1 week instead of
tomorrow. We double checked with him (before we left and texted again
later) that he will be ready for tomorrow. He confirmed.

We went to the hotel to drop off our stuff. Nice hotel. Huge
room. Went straight to the pool after. Hung out there for a minute
before going inside to finish my vows. I had one part I was working on
and got it to a good place.

We went to the park before they closed to walk around. Great looking
park. Sat on the steps and looked at the soccer field for a
bit. Marian said she wasn't hungry for sit down food so we went to
Calimax to look for something appetizing and hopefully find a dark
umbrella in case we get in full sun tomorrow during photos.

The Calimax we went to had a ridiculous amount of smoke in it. Like
somone had done a burnout in the middle of the grocery story. Used my
shirt as a mask as we walked around. No umbrella. We got cereal for
dinner.

Routed to a sporting goods store. Turns out it was someones
house. Went back to the hotel. As we were pulling into the hotel, a
car behind me tried to pass us on our left (as we were turning
left). I hope her life was not as terrible as the look she showed when
she stopped. Also, I hope she doesn't do dangerous crap like that
again. What the heck. I was steaming for a while after it.

Ate cereal, did pushups, Mariana took shower and I wrote my vows in my
notebook to read tomorrow. Mariana is now writing her vows in the
notebook.

Throughout the day, texting the family. Everyone arrived safely at
their hotels or at Maru's. Maru treated them to tacos frances. My
favorite taqueria.

Tomorrow we share our vows at 4pm. We'll go to the venue early to have
photos taken. Wake up, have breakfast, exercise and shower before 10am
when Mariana's hair stylist will be here.

** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Write vows in book for wedding tomorrow
* 06/16/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and took Leche for her walk up the hill. First
got a coffee from Nauom's before walking up the hill.

Focused on research for next week and then wedding vows. They're in a
good spot, but will add some refinements tomorrow at the hotel before
writing them in my notebook.

We drove to TJ at 7pm and arrived at 9:30pm. Stopped at In-n-Out for
Mariana and Starbucks for a matcha and snack (chickpea, avocado,
carrots) for me.

Took Leche for an evening walk, fed her her dinner and went upstairs
to go to bed. Maru dropped Mariana off at a bar to meet with Adrea y
Luis for a bit and is going to pick her up in half an hour.

We head to Tecate early tomorrow. Going to do my pushups then go to
bed.

<<PRIVATE
d4057b005cc49a043yhx08ub3t7sMt6ja/L+ZAowsh91FUWueOkUGjzYiuwgvd2MI2yJ56TeNxtZVfy9qUZZGik/qTZGOSW1gXIezHirgYNdyOfKrqmTgI26t6Z86//l1D2LAh1i+kbfeaq8Z9U6r50BDGymrFWXaujlrWOB4vZEuQTqmly5XW+jrX+TGTm6mNlqs35nGGcgv+t7xYmaAlUmqcHkIzkXD5cyr7qZ4AiGmrucFICh1eI429JFBFr+4kYw0Q3/5UIFmz9J14s8dkLfaom8n6YEuKGi2sgBYaki2OV9giEwPrepkpgNit0wQWYd0d4XGeJMzdBWn+A7aaSLaFQ=
PRIVATE
* 06/15/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am today and made some loose leaf black tea before
hopping on spanish lesson at 8am with new italki teacher. Conversation
was good, talked about the history of corn in mexico.

Took Leche on a walk then made a big bowl of oatmeal with banana,
apple, kiwi, appricot, strawberry, flax and hemp seed. Delicious.

Deployed latest API and confirmed with team it worked on dev before
getting it do prod. Did a weight lift session during lunch and ate
leftover beanloaf with mashed potatoes.

Practiced my wedding vows. Pace is about 2min but I still have some
corrections to make for tomorrow.

Picked up Mariana from work and went to vegan burger join (Murry's
good burger i think). Vegan chicken burger wasn't bad just needed
lettuce and tomato. Vegan tenders were garbage. Still I ate them
all. Leche loved it, everyone loved seeing her. They gave her oatmilk
icecream when she came in. She went to town on it.

I just realize now I ordered a strawberry milkshake they didn't give
me. Dang. Anyway, still might go back and try the burger. Won't be
able to eat there for the next year though.

Tomorrow night we head to TJ. I'll pack and finish wedding vows
tomorrow. Will write some more ideas for turntable.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/14/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am and took Leche on a walk before having a spanish
lesson with new italki teacher Mario. We went to pick up a coffee from
Naoum's but it was closed. Class was good, very relaxed/slow
conversation in spanish with lots of hypotheticals. Mario says he
focuses on conversation not on grammer.

Went to Naoum's after and got a coffee. Leche was happy to see people
in the store. We came back and I merged my PR from last week. Synced
with team at noon and talked about research work ahead.

I'll focus more on those tomorrow and Thursday.

Worked on my wedding vows in the evening. Went to the mall to pick up
brown dress socks. Unscrewed the oil filter in the VW to see if there
was anything loose. Seemed fine. Tomorrow I'm going to look under the
car to see where drip is coming from. Probably just the oil plug I
imagine.

Also received a letter from VW about some class action I may be
entitled to.

Took Leche on a few walks today. Great weather today. Way too hot
inside though.

Wasted lots of time on youtube. Maybe about 2 or 3 hours in
total. Divided attention.

Tomorrow I have spanish class with another new teacher at 8am and will
do my exercise (SL) before. Will finish and practice my vows.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 06/13/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am today and made a chocolate mushroom tea before having
big brain storming session with team at 8am. Took Leche on a walk
before as meeting was going to be long. Leche stayed in bed until
session was done at noon.

We came up with some interesting ideas. The rest of the day was
teasing out details of everyone else's ideas.

I had Mariana's leftover lemon cakes for breakfast. Leftover Vegan
joint for lunch.

Made vegan mashed potatos, mushroom gravy and vegan bean and grain
loaf for dinner. Pretty good but the loaf could've used more
firmness. Maybe seitan in there next time. Maybe it'll firm up over night.

Tomorrow I have a spanish class at 8am with a new teacher. Mariana has
her architecture exam at 9am.

Doing pushups now then going to bed

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/12/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today, made a cup of mushroom (laird's) cocoa
(powder) before taking Leche on her walk at 10am. New neighbors YC and
Gary joined us with their dog. Kailin and Opal joined too with Hind
and Stella. Gary is a SWE and we talked about that. Back at the house
by 11:30am.

Mariana went to swim at noon. I made oatmeal with cut up strawberries,
apricots, apple, kiwi, maple and cinnamon. No more bananas. While
Mariana was away I planned the day including meals.

I took a shower because I was a bit squirely from lots of planning
context shifting and because I hadn't in a few days I think. When
Mariana got back I took Leche to daycare and went to cafe to work on
wedding vows. Cafe I went to yesterday was closed so went to one
around the corner (MV something) which closed at 4pm. I didn't know
that and they let me stay in the back courtyard until 4:30pm. Some
good thoughts flowing, still needs more work.

Went to Sprouts to get this weeks groceries. Got some extra stuff to
make a lemon treat for Mariana. She didn't like it.

Made tofu sushi rolls for dinner. Steamed some kale to add to mine and
to eat tomorrow. Soaked barley and quinoa for bean loaf tomorrow.

Watched the last episode of Barry and did my pushups before and after
the show. Watched some old Leche photos / videos with Mariana.

Waking up early as we have our brainstorm earlier than usual.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
265a52dffdcec27f4GfpwWkvEHQr0T9vkheYdu/YfWUOnWQBx93+1Ia1TWBs4+zXAsqGvJKMeAUVys09tdss61tyGixAVYwOUgd5GOFI/I91CGrqDzKKhwxOci/gtIFzlauWZVp1RpmLCqcwQH7k3juhnyIdng39/rWTzi95MBW7BoYMKrpsubHbQpSKL7SRG/E4fG8tQ7J3bvHrtyhloC22wnpoFwmrhzj1ov91+VZ9YliR7Hl1OXggsXTkTiidZYY46eEV8f3klPlsKcKv3ZRQ5rgIYIHL5aGf1OW/BRLmMl6XosCtrAvw1mBIIGBYWqhNPuukTPeO9XpXea0aF5lzyHoMvAJHLAWxrXbTWgRNfY3wwbhQDOarQzbTNsQoRKp+ls7iUpl7McNCihz0eyWVsLWsaMHH
PRIVATE

* 06/11/2022
** Summary

<<PRIVATE
4d8331cd171b0f7ec/1gGcOVCZXK7rDo6+GEBL1TguWfvWQDkazDiN3NhArZh8Cy1rr1dIN/jirE7nSzeLnrbpYWni1kXQCIaWhNQV/vQgycmECBgqQ2L7ARbcL7DOdBe8kGUfrDqt9vvM6zyLhrZg==
PRIVATE
* 06/10/2022
** Summary

I got pretty terrible sleep last night. Woke up at 1am and 4am and was
restless for much of the night. Must've been the banana shake I had
right before bed. Did pushups, made hot cocoa and had español class at
8am.

No standup today, took Leche on her walk. Fed her her cooked chicken
which she didn't eat. Made a massive bowl of oatmeal. Mariana WFH
today. I worked from kitchen. Thought about several features/ideas for
Glow. Did a few streams listening to bandcamp and soundcloud.

Showed trailer to an interested couple during lunch hour. Might hear
from them in a few weeks. We will see.

Got a prototype of the foodle app idea for Maru (now called street
foodle, based on wikipedia data). Need to style it.

Tomorrow, I have spanish class and will focus on wedding vows. That's
it.

Voy a domir.

<<PRIVATE
2fba79c2ff93e49407FH8+DIKPza0fPRKgQBCaowBpA3o0VDM6w62iDC8JocuID5Bx+5eEEb7G/kKOV5TSlmTItxFonuUxX8xAYZcVM0wAryGtc3C6FSTcUNJJ0GQ2P77rtUX3wp61oXlxpSaGZZJii2YXJg0rrOFZF9iWiNu1F53qc5e0Zskbc4ckZLx0Wk0O/Wft4NLPT7l458kn0OM7YnO+L0g8OhSRnJRwMbKm31FGXhe4WvK7s1VhlgK6rC7Hgjhi7QEcvrPpsK3JfZsNKyF9LCTAiiZEyOiKJL30Z2YSIs8iDc+oaMJR13ARuA+MMM4b3K0Dd+P2EjDK7/oFSMLgUiTZOyw2ZCu6oLRLjWAVfK9Wdm7RfMIP2p8lnZPMKshd1+uq7QIGlV9hC+LX0dmCs3ppI/Kqfgo8ojXMUQ903aytz97XQYHE/K2CsFy/6MfPZKzoCVRLBkOGMafiC1smR6GPY5vZznwCHrXU98WienzBbE9XCR9c6qK3b534JhcUrbrg7/4MNhWj+g6FqyTJ1586lKKaLnp5GzChPT4sMcu3cFKtW93Mj0TQiVwUOeRG293f4=
PRIVATE
* 06/09/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 4am naturally and was well rested but figured I wouldn't
make it far in the day if I got up then. I went back to bed and didn't
fall asleep again until about 5:30. Woke up at 7:30am and made hot
cocoa before espanol lesson at 8am.

Hablabamos sobre nuestro caricturas favoritas y practique la
diferencia que preterito y imperfecto.

Took Leche on her walk after the lesson and made oatmeal with bananas,
apple, strawberry, cinamon, maple syrup, ground flax seed and hemp
seeds. Delicious.

There was a silent production outage that I fixed with a revert. The
developer knows what went wrong and we'll test better next
time. Walked for 3 hours at 4mph and 40 min at 3mph. A half marathon!
Felt great. Sweat a ton though. My over the ear headphones were
SOAKED. LOL.

Streamed an album and rewrote a twilio integration. Works
great. Tagged the whole team since it has lots of implications.

Didn't come up with a lot of feature ideas but that is tomorrow's
focus. Gave Leche her backyard space for her to run around. She loves
it. She started barking at agro squirrel though so had to bring her
inside.

Did my spanish homework (10 ejemplos instead of 4). Had salad and
burrito for lunch and roasted cauliflower and burritos for
dinner. Chocolate and banana smoothie for snack.

Took Leche on her evening walk and talked and walked with Karla on the
way. Sent out beach day invites. Sent LA city folks their requested
paper work.

Going to bed now, might make a snack first though.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/08/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 7am today and went to Whole Foods to buy sushi
rice. Bought it, came home and made oatmeal and a hot cocoa before
standup at 9am.

Took Leche on her walk afterward. Fixed anonymous viewer counts,
deployed latest APIs, tested top 20 countries for phone numbers then
discovered a service from Twilio that might make our lives much
easier. Going to test it tomorrow.

Duolingo lib has a bug in it so filed issue and rescheduled
note. Still using it. Making me think of more active Spanish
lessons. Had another hour spanish lesson on iTalki. My spanish is
super rusty. I've been doing the bare minimum duolingo so that I can
focus on other projects but the lack of attention is definitely
showing. Necessito hablar todos los dias y practicar con mi mente.

?Cuanto horas en un dia?

Maybe this log format would be a good closer to the day: write down
the days events in English y despues en Espanol.

Voy a dormir ahora.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/07/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:15am and made oatmeal for Mariana and I. Apple, 1.5
bananas, dried fig, hemp seeds, ground flax seed, little maple syrup
in mine. Maple syrup, honey, half a banana in hers. Took Leche on walk after.

Fixed issues with minVersion PR. Synced with team at lunch. Have got
some ideas to share with everyone on Friday.

Made the Esselstyn's "green lightening bowl" for dinner. Pretty
good. Needs more tofu though. 2 blocks minimum, 3 would be best.

Did a live stream on Glow and shared the link with folks today. Walked
2 hours at 4mph. Felt great.

Went to Sprouts to get sushi ingredients for tomorrow. No sushi rice
though, will pick that up tomorrow morning.

Wrote a little duolingo pre-push hook for me.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/06/2022
** Summary

Got great sleep last night. Surfing is a total body cleanse. It's
great. Woke up at 8:30am and made hot chocolate before 9am
standup. Took Leche on her walk and watched the apple keynote.

Wrote a script for sending SMS and filed a ticket with Twilio about
some transparency there. Debugged SMS issue with Torin. Reviewed
James' feedback on minversion issue.

Headspace was anxious to publish the e25n post. Funny, because it was
a total miss. Didn't vibe with anyone. Not surprising I guess, it was
an obscure observation.



<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/05/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 9:00am and had a hot cocoa before taking Leche on her
neighborhood walk. Karla and Hind joined us and we walked up Cheviot
Hills. Came back and got ready for surf day with Travis. I think he
was haning out in the front while I was hanging out in the back
looking for him. He went to pick up gas and I drove to this spot he
told me about in Venice. Parked and went to the beach to stretch and
wait for him.

Great day of surfing. First 30min or so the waves were breaking pretty
hard so lots of washing machine time. Fun though. Stayed out there for
about 2.5 hours. Had some good chat too. Caught some good solid and
white water waves and rode a nice one in before heading back to the
truck to text Mariana and Maru where they were. Turns out there were
just up the beach. Met them and ate a sandwhich they got for me.

A little 1yo boy came over to us and wanted to see the surf board. He
started putting sand on it and I showed him how to jump on it. He
didn't but tapped the board a few times with his hand. We headed out
after maybe 20 min.

Headed back to the house. I took Leche for a walk. We watched "Only
Lovers Left Alive". I made popcorn for Maru and I.

Went to bed feeling really good post surf and sun day.

* 06/04/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:45am and did a short workout of squats, pushups and
dumbbell curls before waking up Mariana and her mom so that we could
go to breakfast. I made a hot cocoa with ashwaganda for me then took
Leche on a short bathroom walk before we left.

We intended to go to the french breakfast spot on overland but the
line looked too long so we went to Overland cafe. Sat inside. Mariana
and her mom both ordered pancakes. I ordered veggie patties, potatoes
and a bowl of fruit. A college baseball game was on and was a
blowout. The restaurant still had a wall covered with tarp from when a
drunk driver blasted through the wall. Apparently it happened when a
chef was alone in the dining room and nearly missed it.

Went back and took Leche on a longer walk. Spent the next few hours
adding songs for a possible wedding playlist. Ate a big salad around
2pm. Took Leche on another walk before getting ready for dinner and
the concert.

Ate dinner at Norah, a trendy place in WeHo that served both meat and
vegan menus. Pretty good but overpriced. I think Maru would've enjoyed
an american restuarant near the beach better. Next time.

We drove around for a bit before driving to the Walt Disney concert
hall. Stunning building. Huge line for parking so we parked around the
corner in a lot. On the walk over to the venue, we were harrassed by a
homeless lady who seemed to want to get in a fight. She first asked
"where is China town?" To which I said "I don't know" and continued
walking. I almost pulled out my phone but thought better of it because
she was speaking to herself pretty fiercely.

As we continued to walk she kept saying "66", something about her
being an elder, along with some racial slurs. I positioned myself
between her and Mariana and Maru. She pushed my back and said
something. I turned around and told her (kindly) to please leave us
alone and to not touch me. I moved her hands away from me as I said
that. She then got even worse and continued to follow us and tried to
instigate a stronger reaction from me by pushing my back more and
kicking my left buttcheek several times. She was a frail old lady so
the kicks didn't hurt but it really started to get on my nerves. I
made a stronger position between her and Mariana and Maru by putting
my back to her and widening my arms to make a sort of wall between
them. We waited at the corner for the crosswalk to turn and she sat
there with us saying even worse things to instigate me. I suspect she
wanted to either get arrested or go to the hospital from a 911 call
because she kept saying something like "go ahead call the cops", "beat
up an elder". She kept saying something about her being an elder to
which I said "well, you're not being a very good one" or something
before we crossed the street.

She followed us a bit further but eventually the crowd of people at
the concert turned her off from following us more. Frustrating to
start the concert like that.

We went inside after having vaccine cards checked. Everyone still had
to wear a mask inside. We went to the bathroom then found our seats.

Great show. Great venue. Lots of pauses between songs as they changed
singers so much (maybe every one or two songs) and each time it
required the AV techs to switch equipment.

We went back to the car (no crazy lady following us) and drove home. I
took Leche on a short bathroom walk. Turns out I left chicken, carrot,
sweet potato in the microwave so she only had kibble. Reheated it and
gave it to her before the walk.

Going to bed now. Will surf with neighbor Travis tomorrow at noon
while Mariana and her mom swim.

* 06/03/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am today and made a tea of cocoa powder and
ashwaganda for breakfast. Took Leche on our walk and had standup at
9am. Leche went to sleep with Maru when we got back. Had focusmate
call early and cut deploys. Made coffee for Maru and chat with her
before she left for Macy's.

Cut latest builds, synced with torin, deployed APIs, synced with
Wolfram, fixed android version code reference.

After work I threw the ball with Leche for a bit and worked on my e25n
post. Going to post it this Monday.

Made a pasta of sundried tomatoes and zucchini. No oil. Pretty
decent. Watched the movie Belfast with Mariana and Maru. Made popcorn
for Maru and I. Leche sat and stared at Maru the whole time begging
for popcorn. Usually I make a small amount just for her but didn't
this time and gave some from our bowls. No butter, just nutritional
yeast, salt and bragg.

Going to bed now. Tomorrow, we'll have pancakes, dinner in Santa
Monica and the show Mariana got tickets to.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/02/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am today and took Leche for her walk. No coffee or
caffeine today. Sluggish for a while but snapped out of it later in
the day. Totally snapped out of it. All mental. Before then though I
had gingko tea and a hot chocolate. Peppermint tea works like a
charm. That cool mint taste stimulates something like caffeine.

Synced with Billy and shared a couple creative ideas for
Glow. Responded to PR feedback. Uploaded a new
everyoneeverywhereallatonce video. Cleaned the house in preparation
for Maru.

Took Leche on a couple walks. Went to sprouts to pick up cocoa powder,
ashwaganda powder and premade noodles for Mariana. Went back again
after dinner to pick up some snacks for Maru for her stay.

Going to do more controlled pushups tomorrow and write the e25n post.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/01/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am and made oatmeal with ground flaxseed, hemp seed and
a banana. Not as good if not soaked overnight. Took Leche on a walk
and got a coffee. Again, didn't need it but sort of felt down for not
waking up early to do the long treadmill walk. Feels great to start
the day with exercise.

Worked on the min version views today. Had coworking call with
Chase. He had some good feedback about the app. Did two loads of
laundry, started beans in slow cooker, got haircut, walked 8miles
(4mph, 2hours) and worked outside with Leche for a bit.

Going to take her on another walk before bed.

** Me
- [X] Walk Leche in the morning
- [ ] Walk for 2.5 hours
  - [ ] walked for 2
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Wash hair (add coconut oil)
- [X] Work on patio with Leche in afternoon
- [X] Laundry
- [X] Walk Leche in evening
- [X] Restaurant reservation (Norah)
- [X] Haircut at 6pm
- [X] chase walkthrough
  - [X] 2fa flow issues (didn't autofill)
  - [X] user profile default state not working

** Glow
- [-] Working implementation of min version
  - [X] ngrok to local
  - [X] alert what ios version is
  - [X] store ios version in api PR
  - [X] alert what android version is
  - [X] store android version in api PR
  - [X] app -- wording when app is too old
  - [ ] disable for local and dev
  - [ ] add PR

* 05/31/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 8:15am, made some tea and oatmeal with banana, cinnamon and
a bit of maple syrup. Added ground flax seed and hulled hemp seed to
it. It was way too much oatmeal. Probably about 2.5 cups worth since
Mariana took only a portion of hers in a cup to work.

Took Leche on her walk up the hill and went to Comissary for a
coffee. I'm done with it. Cutting out caffeine again. It's
ridiculous. I've been having it in place of an early morning
workout. Cutting it out and focusing on my goals again because
workouts are for long term health.

That being said, my work wasn't very focused today. Wrote some ideas
down for how to grow glow, documented all the things on my mind this
week (in a focusmate session) and started the problem of i18n all
phone numbers we could message. It's a pretty manual process, perhaps
its best to just do the top 50 most populous countries?

Went to Sprouts when Mariana got home. Had a strict meal plan grocery
list. 4 meals on the list including Leche's meat.

Lots of items still about $100. More than enough food for the
week. Some leftovers too.

Made a mushroom, potato soup for dinner with mixed rice (brown &
white) in slow cooker. Did workout after work, before Mariana got home.

Going to take Leche on her night walk and go to bed.

<<PRIVATE
1f86ec297a100d3aBvWocNCmiRqjFsExtr65m1+8XQHNxmGogv4SK8sYWqQqDp0VwH95mMzxXgssw8r0nIF0EsN7JrVVr6tiyV5G6H+X77L8PaNOe1MclrBxOvL4aFa9Hmugk45FpwKOukpooIfvjC8rZxXVCTAzqwVQ7cvGsMPHo3Tx/9mTn126PYB4zfQS9NVNuk9ND/NfmM2YYSxdwi4cZjOdfoVl9E8dQnMJHBqBMmq5fGlDMzJ0R4p/6omn2ajHqNVEFMUU5azYoE1NM2gYuDmqNE7ZpkZHBCuScAGnHX4dMOAG9AeOPb99N/cyiOO3m4ktqYSkyp5SVOgYWaeq2HtOOlJ0okPfGV22sChLEBknQidlqUwYbHBMdib3yVieP7tMs3jXOhe0Q1kIN9wPYBpYxNGIswuzdjbfu991SHwpbqwvOvXsoKDXmB+UwljeavyeB8OLyNlGmaW13SCM3SJ49JfeCfLYUPBYQAR70G789s7dC8Ni5HJcmXo/UDsWCGbxAvlalwGJh+J4yE17YSWXwgXWyvrGOADAghPzHCPYpaBWnKBdSVuu0175vGp+sY6QE6CG4cxAybLAZMGXwVjLmWjieV8pkBWmeIKaELM4rPGdwybVKsN6bmPeimMPOBHe6O+YDNoE6x1NHom1v1K0WGGnf4ZpxeMhnT0cb90jDjuRP5ZS61XwuBjROMeH7GcwiUEtpXbJSkL3cAan1Dr27QJRf/kvyh+hOaNGQm1LSf1fmJFeRm4rOZlDMmjmhT9apOqFuqf1Y4dkvtL0SHt01eEcioNKhJu/vwbnzkoGDy2Z+BfsJKc/hf9y2PSiN+3j/4NHtxwYlI1VydSx9cz0gmOUhiwJ0xNwlNZvCFM28VHf++kq0Tnyx3OxdWmrs6LEk9kfCNtEVrevZ4nZdNtDwLNBeGhZzOFVifjJhg+JROsFzS0JEUZd/CnZCs2htTl5SJi7nQqFi8O38OibCRPErDDJYv6SmtXLnjdUgSyWUImdM/KpjLaGkpoiNrOjXwwoYbCJvEIOcFT0XLbtp7syk3zzdluZshDSoEHEYbL4R+GA4JKpGFuvlL5viZrTw+rtc4AirNpgA/dUkPmcKw7D9IbcG/fTTTZ5YQpI9C9Uk7fh4HI9aH8IdXPLZnd1ne6vtXdxAK++B+xQj/o/pfflz+GahfU+JaVFWPntqXlB7okhG/XY5rrm14NZzPyiUZsQOY+T8EG6KMTGqFRv9qLPC3/WULLOmPANNE1+T3uAWck2wKSxQUcNCEfhRCwT3jdoJKFhmnUKaeZDlxkBElfVvPTym02RaUhcym8xDQTRdvFS9/oi6t7WmEnWZ1vZxJHk0dSS1Oy5MC9VxfVYmhp7sLCDZwhqOW+M+eNqY7nMYbWOU/n6fLwhZgPxal57LQsKE6M9yiAfG2eNu74YviwnsEkcFRf20aXTUHM8B9Ts0EZbDyWxE6eHPNmjASvmS/lBOffsxr1OgMSuKRUExWB4h4vQKhLHx/lr9laEjNF+Xdf/6Mb39Y/Qy+2CAF4IwOQP5OjJiziP+rg2b74ngya08blrq6CnFXFL5eO66V1brl4VCD7wjBeJvqyDSaEjLDQqyHebIZ8aMAIZfwfgTko4Eme8yawvo0eDnPd2yhBw8I1rwjWoqf472OJxyQ0XPWR3XeLaP+5+kDVUzC8NsjIbc0Ja3GBzL1h7jYvpTuSq0VxJ9XLTyPbGyAlA3zG75Ahv4NPmhWAdtWYy1pUg17kLV/iQK4MSjebtWf11+hph0TTAswfw2apKLvMKkDB8ci1UNN+8lNwIJSOLUQYkJ8dMXBHrC4BLkB3bsTBEkvmN2kTRQ/H+nuJE9enijAe8wq9BucmhG/YMZVXBQDHvNftJSW/z3/JqPawBz2yHzaa2nMb+h7D6j/kYYf0k02NdJG8Pb+SPTKyanipc5ngVeSrHflDK3UCsZzTuw5aekiMGGTGuGXF4gjh/0HQ5sJgf4lCgXhn0h+p/Fxbh/+dCsBjFvEj4PO2QyaY8StUwhpt+T4ctjzrK5FlFxaxPSsvnQ+KMNmsvvccyIEbA654fJ+v37bMwTmZ/k+4A+HN/X5CPkV9grWBpTil0GcaadrEUIlSMxbUI7A35l0Ku91rTi/ylMQ+sw602uEwyl6ITqQCsoSrqnKebuvRE4p7m5iyqghBOHqzHenjEszCVvXy5YZo=
PRIVATE
* 05/30/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 8:30, walked to Das Cortez with Leche to pick up 3 coffees
for the house.

Came home, ate oatmeal Maru made and added grapefruit and apple to
it. Ate another grapefruit. Took Leche and Tango on a walk before
heading home to pack for road. Left by 11:45am.

Tried to go to vegan taqueria before crossing boarder but they are
moving shop. Mariana picked up two burritos from vendor near vegan
taqueria we went to.

Went to the border, ordered 4 bean burritos, took a while to cross,
maybe 20 min in total.

Got back home by 4pm or so. Mariana washed my long hair and showed me
how to do it. It took 5 different substances: shampoo, conditioner,
mask, leave in conditioner and oil. Also blow-dried. Do that every
time I wash my hair. If that's what's required for long hair I'm
probably gonna tap out. Can't I just let my oil build up naturally and
use a dry powder or something?

Made a veggie curry (carrots, tofu, red onions, garlic, green peas,
basil, coconut milk, sweet potato, curry powder) and ate it over white
rice. Did my pushups and wasted about 2 hours doing nothing on the
web.

<<PRIVATE
8bfce564d7da36abTFGB9MtHbyE+s2vrrvznLsQ2khrI71mTdJUfFBigYZOBtC0e80pEsOZ6o7eMUp6dRjNwzKG7U684z2Qj0GVlLEVrztG+EVzNmrxnLw1BQDsNPtohrcnFhvbmvNHgPmg7IltKVjmrwDwrxH7ZeDUXaUleRe5Ieyb+dvwcWLeYylM9YWceRdEVcPcCO2qNB7cFa1BV2QnwDIlvl06YL+hqaJ8RN4SBnRGG+063+kUzwX2nqT0u6dOqpVrp9IUlXr7yq/VQaxlSfRyDAsowuqmiEZlur1xMlo6W3DcgRda13wfNc5kWrqv1lIDykGtNN2L6ZPQagPc5aoMobpxSiJZf1XnOCRk4yXxfPc3QvDkHyJq9UrM1/Op0xO2JGr8RkN1/SsF4bnksQiirISwfCm+/UTI+mmHH1h7iKm7KsctvaPe2OfIXeB/pfoO+Q8Tphl6RzPAjXy5EgxbgdrJ+DWVzDGGBoRvXWJi0tTHz8KA07KjUjB4hc5FQCY9DRuUBkVJgDq7NkyHtqwafk+txvFfCr++A0GtVbH/ce4+u44cbAHZjHC2bBHET5wgRVVEvlvDETJkRaKT1uHyoUBrZkBfqcaIq+jPBsp0KxwMKWiozLXCXimFvFbwRPAqG6oVqYK+SKb12KIOEC3Tz/S7Atg7LkAF+gl9V8x/2N/kem2C0UVPrZk7JTgnoxDXlmZPSbZbt1iOlLpxVAoyol7qK97UdFBiXy9+sDReHQbybboE2NrargP8rOir/S7kqQ74uIh177yBYMILPfq4IddAQ41yBFFuNPrYVe2VPVzax1RXPgiBp8710eFJaeoT4kFEGciYOvksQvITrPgLOvczNiOzqsQ==
PRIVATE

Going to bed now. Our app is in the app store now, fun days ahead.

* 05/29/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:15am today and ate pb & banana sandwich before driving
to Tecate for breakfast at 10am at our boda restuarante. Yo pedi
pancakes (de almond flour) y una cafe. A few questions about what I
could and could not eat.

Got gasoline and drove back to TJ. Helped Maru prepare the BBQ (picked
up dog poop, setup tables, canopy, mashed guacamole). Ate 6 guacamole
y nopales burritos. Cinco con tortilla integral and one with white
flour. Possible there is animal lard in it but not worth worrying
about and would only exacerbate looks. Tio Beto asked if I ate meat
upon seeing me not eating it. "Ahorita no"

Spent much of the BBQ downstairs, played peak-a-boo with Rafaella and
walked around with her. Went upstairs and saw Omar watching una
partido de futbol. Watched for a bit then did the dishes and listened
to a podcast. Everyone stayed outside chatting. I went upstairs and
had time on computer. Booked some spanish lessons on italki as its
been on my mind for a while and having a regular rhythm of spanish
talk will be good.

Took Leche on a short walk. Packed up the BBQ party and went upstairs
to floss, brush teeth, type this and get ready for bed.

Leaving for LA early tomorrow morning and finish errands there before
the week starts. Maybe sneak in an hour or two at the beach.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/28/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:15am and went to drop off furniture store with Mariana
at the florist. Came back and had peanut butter and banana sandwich
for breakfast. Mariana and Maru went swimming. I took Tango and Leche
for a walk. Used the split leash on them. Leche was excited at first
but took a while for her to get used to Tango pulling. Tango didn't
care at all.

Walked around the park then dropped them off before going to change
dollars for pesos and getting a coffee.

Dropped off flower pots at florist and picked up a demo
arrangement. Looks great. Came home, ate lentils and rice. Bought 3
guayabera shirts from fancy store Maru knew of. Dropped Mariana off at
her dentist appointment and went for a quick bite with Maru at
Samborns. Had a bowl of black beans.

Went to BBB to get wedding shoes. Went home to try on all the shirts
in combination with the wedding suit. The guayabera with blue stripes
was best. Took the dogs on another walk then went to El Yogurt Place
for dinner.

Pretty solid food as always thought the waiter took shots at my order
(ordered without cheese). Pretty stupid to poke fun at your guests
order. Maybe he's new to waiting on people. Great dinner otherwise.

Did pushups when got home and let Leche out to pee. She didn't.

Everyone was wiped so we went to bed early. Talked to Mom for the
first time in a while. We'll talk again on August 1st about plan for
the future. Only so much "kicking the can" we can do but better to
have a plan then not.

Going to bed now, but first reading the prostate health book.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 05/27/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am and ate a peanut butter and banana sandwich for
breakfast before standup at 9am. Took Leche on her morning walk and
came back to eat a bowl of oatmeal and sync with Albert about
i18n. Have proposed a strategy.

Got the new API out on dev and prod and created new test user for
apple reviewer. Not as productive today as I was sitting down all day
and not in usual environment.

Had call with Dad around noon about wedding details. Cleared up
lots. Had lentils and rice with a small salad for lunch. Big salad
with cauliflower, beans, sweet potato, raddish for dinner.

Took Leche and Tango on two walks today with Mariana. Chat with Maru
after work and showed her the Pink, Green, etc color games.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/26/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 8:30am today and drank some tea before taking Leche on our
morning walk. Her digestion has returned to normal again. She got
startled on the walk down the hill by the composters who threw some
water from buckets in the street.

Focus today was on getting the min version work going and to follow up
with twilio. Shared some thoughts on API freezing too.

During lunch, went to pick up water, flowers and bank for cash for
wedding deposit.

Walked for 2 hours at 4mph for a total of 8 miles today. Felt
great. The treadmill marathon is totally doable but I do need to think
of it like training. How much water to have on hand. Fix digestion so
that I don't take bathroom breaks during. Probably best to have a
separate timer going so I can start stop. Can just use the clock app.

Washed bedsheets so that we'd come home to clean sheets. Packed food
for the weekend.

Drove to TJ after filling up gas and picking up sandwiches from
Ikes. Not exactly Engine 2 but pretty close. Delicious.

Took a new route suggested via apple maps. East and south into LA to
get on the 101 S before merging to the 405 S. Not sure it saved us
time but it was a nice detour. Leche ate chicken, carrot, sweet potato
mixed into her kibble for breakfast and dinner but then got more food
when we arrived at Maru's.

Chatted with Maru for a bit before winding down for the night. Going
to bed now. Will read book about diet and prostate health

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/25/2022
** Summary

I went to bed early last night and got pretty solid sleep while
listening to binaural meditaiton music to drift off. Will try again
tonight. Woke up at 8am and heard Mariana call Leche "Cheche" which
made my day. I called her that all day. She loved it.

Made tea and had standup at 9am. Billy was out so I ran standup. Did a
"starting condition" to kick us off.

Wrote twilio adapter and looked into the data loader problem. Walked
6miles at 4mph today. 100 pushups after.

Went to trivia night with Mariana, Sam and Elle. We did
alright. Sports one was tough for us. I ate tater tots and sweet
potato fries which were definitely not Engine 2 friendly and now I
feel kinda sick from them. I snuck in a grapefruit which I ate
there. And a medjool date.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/24/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and made English Breakfast tea and oatmeal with
banana, apple and strawberry. Took Leche on our walk afterward. We ran
into Tilly and Jessica on the way back to the house

Work focus today was to fix deployment cycle and translate caylent's
audit to work for us. Did my pushups earlier.

Had last of lentil and rice for lunch and roasted cauliflower for
tacos and made a pretty bad vegan pozole verde. Sin sabor.

Mariana went to her studio class. Leche and I sat on the front porch
typing this before she played a bit with Ziggy who was walking by with
Sam and Elle.

Came inside to type this

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/23/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am and made some tea before standup at 9am. Took Leche
on her walk up the hill. Made bowl of oatmeal with banana, apple and
strawberries.

Added another patch for review process. Deployed to production. Had
review with pen testers. Spent some trying to break the API on what I
thought was a vulnerability. Wasn't. Added a rate-limit module.

Droped off jacket at Banana Republic (the 36R fit better). Good thing
I went in, today was the last day to return it I think. Picked up some
eggs from the grocer in the mall too.

Mariana had jury duty today but wasn't selected. Sounds like it was a
memorable experience regardless though.

Worked from the patio for a bit so Leche could sit out in the
sun. Walked for an hour before lunch (around 2/2:30pm). Did my pushups
then too. Had mixed green salad for lunch with leftover pasta salad
mixed in.

Watched Uncut Gems with Mariana at 9pm. Stressful movie but well
done. 11:30pm now, going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/22/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 9am to go on our neighborhood dog walk. No other neighbors
could join us this week so Leche and I walked up the steps over on
Rose and back home. About an hour or so.

Did a solid workout while Mariana went swimming. Ten minutes of jump
rope followed by 3 sets of exercises:

- 100 air squats (50 x 2), 100 pushups (50 x 2), 100 flutter kicks.
- 50 lunches, 100 pushups (50, 30, 20), 2:10 plank
- 50 pike ups, 50 incline pushups, 50 mtn climbers
- assisted pull ups 10,10,8, DB curls (20 x 2), weighted ham string stretches

Took shower and ate leftover pasta salad with green smoothie for lunch.

Nate and Melissa showed up around 3pm and we hung out for a bit before
playing yard games. Simon got here by 4pm and we started playing corn
hole with an alternating player. Melissa sank a bunch of them on the
first shot. Grass is notably dry. We're guessing the landlords cut off
the water from some state mandate...but we don't care enough to dig in.

Made some popcorn for Nate and Melissa and made some air popped +
nooch for me. We watched Bedazzled. Timeless. What a great film.

Everyone headed out after the movie and we took Leche for her night
walk. Writing these notes now and going to watch an episode of Barry
in bed.

Going to wake up early to do solid treadmill before work.

* 05/21/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:15am to take Leche to the dog park. Made some black tea
and took it with me. Let Leche run around for about 90 minutes before
heading back. Ben Strawbridge and his dog Rheas met up with us around
9am. Leche chased a greyhound (or tried to) around the
park. Incredible how fast those dogs are compared to others.

Got home, went to Sprouts to pick up groceries for the week and
ingredients for pasta salad for bbq we were going to. Marinated tofu
and took Leche on a poop walk since she hadn't pooped. Came home, made
the rest of the pasta salad and went to the BBQ. Turns out it was a
birthday party. Oops. Nice to meet Mariana's pottery studiomates.

Came home and sat outside with Leche for a bit before going to Jam In
The Van for a comedy show at 7pm. Pretty funny. Saw Anthony Jeselnik
perform, some solid jokes. Tiffany Haddish closed out. Some weirdo sat
in front and tried to get on stage by the end of the night. Bouncer
pushed him off. Strange way to close.

Walked home and watch "The Northman". Not as good as the trailers made
it out to be. Good visuals and set design but very meat and potato
plot. I suppose that was intentional. Not overly romanticize
anything. Witches and visions are dream / drug induced. Went to bed around 1am.

* 05/20/2022
** Summary

I went to standup at 9am and fixed development credentials now that CC
was added to that dependency. Modified the SMS message to help with
autofill. Made search fuzzier. Deployed on dev, still need to get it on production

Picked up suit pants from tailor.

Made a lentil, potato carrot soup dish for dinner with brown rice.

<<PRIVATE
2aa9f2cb1ca0c5e62A8CGvTkMT3UV0MY+R64XxFrNtY/hcy7RZGLdROUaL+Y5gNMTkRDRFz1RaJFDt06xdQOJOz+ap16FmspBzVf7z7AJLZ7AaGsKVJPC6S9p48yakzZaVN134dJFYi4tPNrwxIeKFL4fV06a/X07guEQPwTCjGsNGRBEaiOWj2lSxgxxkxbs+tlLWV6MSYQsfL1HpMcF4oDgAu2LzPgovzDIws1HkA85q+DYV/n4tvncWQAlpfEKFvsNga1kizg/G2Pn19i6HEnxtLQhFjf0GeGfQAqUswCz1l+Nzqay2shykoE2vLGns083yqR4eMNAyEpqbz9JvrDH+75qv28pCDNGcZHf5l6rJRoP26M4IvvrH9L4YUPPXTg2yUlyE03cnfjPsZdh0OO2gA=
PRIVATE
* 05/19/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am today and made some tea before taking Leche for a
walk. She was pretty lazy this morning too. Her digestion is better
now that we've stopped mixing rice into her food too.

Synced with Billy, made some changes to the SMS short code, removed
mux and did dhte deploy. Had leftover tofu, rice potato for lunch and
dinner. Oatmeal, with banana, hemp seed and strawberry for breakfast.

Walked for over an hour at 4mph after lunch. Worked out with Simon
after work. Did the bodyweight workout in Engine 2 book. It was okay
but probably could've been harder. Can go more reps on each exercise
next time, add weights or go slower.

Took Leche on her evening walk with Mariana. Deployed prod api. Made
popcorn and watch the latest episode of Barry with Mariana.

Going to bed now. Going to work on j11s post this weekend in
preparation for us in the app store.

<<PRIVATE
e8821ee3ecd97e7cWBuYKwMJEIDysHtnV7viSCx9gZZ0a8iiPw1hoSPLVeK7JBEF+ULk1dLLwjLOKXPlTzT5SIhfDuI9pea7kohluZc9yVHMTSM41500kCecqqQwT5uiQV1HdCpR88NmkYsWXJjhOl0/k+/4TaO9F9mbLL53miEkq/ZeRIC45IXXPieGWRGD/0Q7kD88Xg28+JvxnQdqjAInUFomPGkEHZC4E8/Ms8QCVizMybH6xkGqkU700KpuXXr5CuqgIae12m0bSWJzMJvKO3NVmL1vOLnfyNpzfWAmepm5HDIHX5YA4TT7lL1YxyEnkt+ZAOjUzY2QDyyEHLrIqv11YEvFY+nEXwvhDwT5W+gxmpYIUegShXNbXufShqqAUr7fdMu55v/l
PRIVATE
* 05/18/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:45am today and made some Golden Mao Feng (caffeinated)
tea before hopping on a call with my dad. We talked mostly about a
diet and exercise challenge I proposed. I still need to sort out the
details myself, but it'll be a whole foods plant based diet. My
exercises haven't been has strict as while on the focused SL 5x5
plan. I'd like to get better at some basic calisthenics but that needs
to be progressive too. The way I'm thinking about it is to demonstrate
progress on a few core poses (planch, free handstand, muscle ups,
one handed pushups, front lever?). Huge goals.

Finished the short code work today. Had some back and forth on retry
logic. Also added a small change for development key changes.

Worked outside with Leche for the last hours of work day. Before that,
coworked with Chase.

Had a banana, blueberry, kale, pb powder smoothie for breakfast. Salad
of lettuce, green cabbage, kale, apples, toasted tempeh with green
dressing for lunch. For dinner, roasted baby potatos, white rice,
baked marinated tofu, steamed kale with a ginger garlic
dressing. Pretty good, still too strong of garlic.

Dug through my apple music library for songs for the Mexico wedding (1
month away!). I'm responsible for the dinner music. Not sure what vibe
Mariana is going for so this is a first pass.

Going to walk Leche and go to bed early.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/17/2022
** Summary

Pretty tired because Leche woke me up at 5am to go outside. She wanted
to eat grass. At first she ate it for about 5min before we went
inside. She seemed okay when we came inside but then started wining
again, so we went out again where she ate a bunch more. I figure the
probiotic supplement we gave her isn't sitting well with her so threw
it out. Tried giving her some rawhide treat too but she just wanted
grass. We grazed for about 20-30min before going back inside. Walked
around the corner too. She peed and pooped, both looked normal. Threw
away those probiotic.

I should have stayed awake and just started my day earlier. Going back
to sleep with such little time is never restful.

Worked on the short code problem and nearly finished it today. Still
have some tests to do. Walked on the treadmill for somewhere between
90min and two hours. Felt great. Sweat a lot.

Went to Trader Joe's for Mariana after work when she got back. Picked
up fish and other stuff on her list. Some more fruit and greens for me.

Ate leftover lentils and rice for lunch with apple and peanut butter
for snack. Had oatmeal, frozen blueberries, bananas for
breakfast. Salad of lettuce, cabbage, kale, corn, red beans, tofu and
avocado dressing for dinner.

Took Leche on a walk after. Wiped from waking up early. Going to bed
now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 05/16/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:30am today. Mariana had her remote proctored architect
exam at 7:30 so we both woke up early. Took Leche on a quick walk up
the hill. The software Mariana uses to take the exam was broken and
after trying on two different machines she determined she had to
retake it. Bummer, but it'll work out.

Walked to commissary for a oatmilk matcha. Had a bit of gingko tea
after that. Made a smoothie of banana, frozen blueberry, water, pb
powder. Delicious.

Had a big salad of red lettuce, green cabbage, kale, shaved carrots,
sliced raddish, red kidney beans in a mustard dressing. Delicious.

Sat down all day. Had intended to work from cafe while Mariana took
exam. All our office furniture was moved out of the room so my normal
setup wasn't up and I wasn't sure if Mariana would take the test again
tomorrow. Sitting down all day totally threw me off and I didn't catch
it. I sorta veg'd out. Loosely focused.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Marinated tofu with garlic, braggs amino sauce and cilantro. Baked it
at 400F for about 30min (15min, 15min). Ate it over steamed green
cabbage and kale with a quarter sweet potato.

Moved all the furniture back into the office and did my 100
pushups. Did them in a super slow, controlled manner.

I feel I need to take a personal day soon. Maybe not, maybe just a
good long walk tomorrow morning.

Going to bed now and will continue reading Engine 2 Diet book.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/15/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am and texted the "Palms Puppy Pack" that Leche and I
would be out on the walk at 10am. Did workout at 8am. Squats and bench
press with weighted hamstring stretches, crunches and pushups. Had
lentils and rice for breakfast. Karla and Hind joined us today and we
walked around Cheviot Hills. Luckily overcast for some of the walk.

Came back and deep cleaned the kitchen. Leche walked in the mopped
room (funny) so I put her in the office temporarily.

Moved all the office stuff out of the office for Mariana's test
tomorrow. Put up the fence for Leche and threw the ball for a
bit. Mariana finished studying and through some clay pots for a gift
for her mom's friend. Leche loves being outside and watching what
everyone is doing. Followed Mariana around. Met a new neighbor
(Dwayne) and his dog (Slinky), invited them to the dog walk.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Laundry had finished so started sorted and folding while Mariana
showered. It was a lunar eclipse tonight so I ran outside to take a
look. Couldn't find it until I was on the corner where we dog
walk. Ran back to the house to tell Mariana. Leche and I watched it
for a bit, Mariana joined us after her shower. She looked for a
moment then went inside.

Took a shower then went to bed where I type this.

** Me
- [X] laundry
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] hamstring stretches
- [-] personal projects
  - [X] Publish new everyone site
  - [ ] Respond to privatize feedback
  - [ ] j14s lib
    - [ ] POC
    - [ ] cli
    - [ ] publish package
    - [ ] blog post / how it works (after Glow go live)
    - [ ] share on twitter
* 05/14/2022
** Summary

Fun, busy day. Woke up at 8am and took Leche for her walk. Waited for
Mariana to get back from swimming to go do lots of errands (exchange
dog food, fill up water, buy organic bananas from TJs, buy week's
groceries from Sprouts). Sprouts line was pretty long. Guy in front of
my was pretty chipper. Remarked how nice it would be to be a kid again
as some kid zoomed by on his roller shoes. He told the cashier his
wife was the model for The Car's "Candy O" album. Pretty cool.

Came back and made a tuna fish sandwich for Mariana. Used avocado
instead of mayo but added a little olive oil despite not wanting to
use it myself. Had two bananas with peanut butter and hemp seeds
before heading over to the neighborhood block party. Karla texted all
the dog walkers that her son was performing a folkloriko dance. I took
Leche and we watched the dances for about 45min. Made Leche's slow
cooker meal before heading out. Will still mix this into her new dog
food so she gets acclimated.

Came back to drop Leche off and brought my suits to the tailor on
Rose. He said the jacket fits perfectly and wouldn't change a
thing. He is going to alter the pants so they sit at my waste. Alberto
is his name I think. Senor Rivas.

Came back and did a workout with Leche outside. These thenx
calisthenics workouts are good but take a long time. Nearly an hour
today with most of the recommended rest times. The warm up maybe took
15 min though as I was water plants.

Came in, took a shower and started dinner. Made white beans in a chili
sauce (three mexican dried chilis, garlic, nutritional yeast, green
onions at the end). Delicious. Also baked some sweet potatoes. The
best technique: cut them in half. Put them face down on a silicon matt
and put them in the oven for ~40min at 400F. Incredible. Sides tasted
like marshmallows. Made some sesame green beans from the Esselstein's
recipe. Mashed up an avocado to put on the sweet potato. Cooked some
white rice too. What a great dinner.

Afterward, cleaned the kitchen and did the production deploy and
migration we didn't run yesterday. Deployed the rendered-video version
of everyoneeverywhereallatonce.com and helped Mariana out with setting
up for her exam on Monday.

Did pushups in the workout but didn't count so did 100 just now.

Going to bed now. May read or watch a movie with Mariana.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 05/13/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am and hopped on the treadmill by 8am. Responded to
slack messages and planned the day before finishing at 9am to take
Leche on walk after breakfast. I had green lentil curry and rice.

For lunch, a big salad with green cabbage, green lettuce, some kale
and a dressing made of half an avocado, cilantro and water. Put about
1/4c of hummus in it. Poured some nutritional yeast all over it (maybe
6tbsp in total) Friggen delicious.

Got more alarms setup today. Worked out on the back patio for a couple
hours with Leche. She loves it out there. Forgot to water the plants
back there. Did a thenx calisthenics workout after work. My hamstrings
are waaaaay tight. Did my pushups in there. Can't do pike pushups
without significantly bending knees. Going to stretch when I floss
before bed.

Had lentils and rice for dinner. A piece of sourdough toast and hummus
on it. Delicious.

Took Leche to the pet store to pick up new food. Talked with the lady
there about how she got sick with her last food. She said we can
return it. That's nice.

Going to wind down and watch a movie in bed with Mariana. "Old" by M
Night Shamalan. Going to make some popcorn and frozen banana "ice
cream" with it.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
cc485061ffb2cddeGRYJywodfkQXbyEszFOdG7SAVdUilVbpSnhwl8fRUO9BMd71pejXeDYTShJkgL/4K5LBBZNwYbJReDBlB+cv7S7hnk90Z/neiFA4THMaP7XlE+xY0dpW65igpINTrtIl0EL3Kn1Kd1qJLa7mgPgCP7ThwDDmUItrUEnL8uHFQbUOec5jhEvHAzu5e9Yh8wFrFYeKY1i+ckr9+AwjDDCm9uKInGhp+oKMgx9Pp+pCzJrsfpqqQ1mfijzSD7VuyJXG21g7wlgwI+V/aszQaZpaIOMxlTvKRKc6R/mjTtyDzZ6i/fNCsKFE9aM3yWuS0j/1orcfuT1yDavp3sQZ5tuBw4Dg7HdcMQV64mdDp7a5PV6S6IKtpwBKLHUom5ihHq9fOWLI0kJbq2KA0xC/dAS/ZZ5ViaYXkiTOA3uvpVD+dtEmFVRGpFl7CTpRb3PFSSqQfKvIX3dugOjKgkNVSGH3FOOrU3vRomyTziFPfYtf1Lbuxryydc0mkBFUbAVZq9OOlYt4EFOFKFURYw9jeHkPpRJIn1y2sgBragKnygeEpErZFXG0dh8CWoStF39//xbu2jK0fzLXYrjiGcB/19yqEjGnvAoBYsLVIGKyi1tDMu7358azU/xXSq0Q1+bZo/1t1B1YEZK1nzOwClopEILev/ZlnLydXq8QYwktvqhIcsOUn+KiDEN1z0LvUanjQU5I2KcSkRC/dcgF10emRRLvsgKsyW9H/wn1S3omcngmvqjGZFHyWr1vKxkLTB+Y+frgabjLTFfGMOuw5pKF8jZulwrli700kaeOxZvcfpgXA5zDbL4abSPGAw==
PRIVATE
* 05/12/2022
** Summary

Nice day. Figured out the search issue. Deprecated old
cluster. Investigated pubnub issue (couldn't repro). Setup new
alarms. At lunch, I setup a safety net fence so that I could work on
the back patio and have Leche run around. Ziggy will come play with
Leche one of these days. Leche loved it.

Did 200 pushups. Got my friggen awesome tank top. Now I can do my 4mph
walks and talk on video calls.

Made a lentil, tomato spaghetti sauce for dinner and sourdough pasta
noodles (dried). Really like these sourdough noodles. Easy on
digestion and they taste awesome. Made a banana, cantelope, whey,
blueberry and beatroot powder shake for lunch.

Replied to LA county clerk about taxes. Prototyped the HLS
everyoneeverywhereallatonce solution. It's not gonna fly, so I'm just
going to compile a video periodically when people upload. Perfect
solution for the task at hand since I'm not going to be advertising it
much more and don't expect it to get much more popular.

Not very tired but going to bed now.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
568e7582cc7529b0dC9JVNcSfrn7ziXdvzBJw3lbAEaSo84VHml+eRAMm2x3+SnZGNEA5WRAiA8ZYaBICS4MiEvBmrYDfuhcK79rLzU4W4XVbeh+BWvrVlMUq1TZytLqjKBFk05rJ6rVutHel8XjzNEJTn3J72kfMp8TCaWDvCt1KAgvWX7gTaf1GTZyUCttEQJg2S6NI/C0QWW0SBc1bLGKOgD1YlmjQs01dnxHYnOSxNC/pszHbgzqJxIfSM87YNrXosnYUkvkT6Nl27hr0hH6MJ4M/Fy89qrJqr5BVSs8/XoZ4xZJNRsrhceu0hnKIoxPEfuaqbZmQJ2cha8ROhe8zFFw2RJqINhV9Vb/XZuRjlYY+Oy37U1jg9gFP2z293MRucNm4ihxTTJW+hQKLZYPZuqsdVT+5UX2gOh/60HH3jvZW/GZDjB8aKUN4IoGskgMI0zmwjiz0Q1bP4jZssEIjZE6l5BrjhLFPboCEtrMGd5glh/COcACSdld8enJ6NY4fkShf1b++aBrertpGvtSYvzJLtUhMBqaOksYxNJP6QC8pCHBbJyw5OXwqsPu5ihOm3z69uUdjS9RLpd4chB6T2MlQ92b9QhbzcXi892X/dwpbeHvcqZxQcEq/mkYKUwDN3WBswUYVksfP73gbeD/AfROzcazD8WBkTCqVcNdvdgr4waiSOE5HfZ7UV6CCdnKlNJwMl15YxHu3gFVfvlOlGE90AQOYT+6gfNnw+Wn1qToLPZg9KreYg1tjfuFWrmgwWqY+VPnpORY/6tefrJE09HwvTbCFa1HR31S9Vp74SpVfFzTBNGVpgWMGkFMUL97PjYEF209+F3VY0zfdFz+9AHSSXsmAwMIMvDb0Jg2OMfWX3NAMIaog5h09zmGpM9Q1IiGgd0hpmQPc+4XYazT6BRiF/4Xko+bCBzUvPs7Tmfqfycy/Zg4YJ9mBmiATgMsS/ePJ8Z+JlsVimYVzQDF62Kwdo44nPYYblG/5BH1HBPgh5of3nCVRZmTYktYpyrQY0mRPRg4IMkEZCZr+J1xnkNzu+NxcbO3gJX1pgManFfIbw7SUNa6DmkQBnh2M//jRxNQtwnUdjz8ok8yPIBgP8zzFFUNAzcwY7ixoOR3q+vHmKnTr7BLK9gdrcCG5iSPhycCRQW4/FK/APWCUzf8fJu7+aJIV9qT4IYnnix+tQlUFiZqVgKai7jBqo4mB5Hlethqh/8sZ4BOtYyL2zlTXoFkzAs+Uwbvkbm74ygi7fbhPwlVkOyeD4K4oFack+jJPNpBvqy/sl6G2nan+3g4JIqUkkkT+5S/NafPxKl0XPaKhWJhFPLqfsqwefXK2xEJpiVwAxrcNCUvTt+A7eiV8D5IgB9SgOocb+UibccNCuqrg1XLlokMd2DAD0SpNwt/w2ZYzA8ddqZmcp1bdly9xkbzXjleRJPHk7inOW2AeTHh46U93Z9qQUBMG02emXsj4Kh0vjdmyVV8Wmd6t8Ie4FAJ8PeWVK+OBq3RDf8vQuprAnSUsH6KDGPmQTZdXynhWUOclPQ7/i1ceoB4mN9fCO7D0SFlfdBlAFatomPYtmwYcJkg8V2v4PCEJyTYhxokO4+qgQdLEOJw/WjNh90Cyt1sK79JFOtTHPMw9FGrjUODi86y7vgZGt4zkuSo7JUCgwb+8fqxkBeg6o9ZJRWUVi/5TtEeZOn9P4DP+fIkB7SLkY9oaG4cWlXZfrh6DFeoXCS540iqPEh19MlVJ0Tv9Hf0U61sn+uqbZupxLzGLwgiBfqk6zpEMkpOCFQcRpvtzVEgLFd5yTqFnsvfWNDOv2paP+hp9REBncL1M7dvuWTWoPuhcwZu236NAaUl9vuMN1iT81skm50gXt3DRwz8oywtwA0SF3eOmJ6RUykAsddD1Nd+pWE7hbnT0wdbiRCIhlR7ALcVJQVNr7A1LFyWC6SKRjmre71SgKXO99aIvgebHTn5jhxLl4s5PxxfCY+B8Z9Ky8a+QRkLMid+9fz6avezVMUkDJIE1BaIihBNsW4T4PENBel7Sr6Xo6uyfdY5p0s4z5c61hcb+MSpif5BOcOxJ6EWnDF9Hhc/f6iTI/HLPYloEJ193ktgs2eKJzWgllYLEe8D6yvl9xZQW81vGAY0I2Y/xQ8QLUMOKG25yryHHKSrhkfsYh3aUvPYdHSGxx1b6s3z3u7GHnObTRMjZ/XBbTbIeje31uopGSNmZ28S1oCIxGdQZDtKzboVc2f7nsvqUQr4QtiIcrcb6AHX0zh/+uPI0k7ubwaqXVogT6lLGbkMporBgZVjhSARY19SdO3bf+TW5GCcx1XyEFBR0gs0CFv3+RbfR+jqg+9fmPUrKjedLAJQnhTe5rV/f8ohNVT9B/Vvr2Jhs0m7pYvNjK9ilf5frXmbbJ7wupPZo6/1kq+5dmW8jZwwsUdYkZ/sOraQw8xUTajsJIXiSf0xhMKIcs7Fa0mzQigtbR0kUQIkODOch1IbrTdQTvmCD1VoS2ZdX4pdbrHPAvazrP2ZBRW9IvgCY8A6ZXz54HMKa6NnxwxOh+yEnbzjysFa4qNFEj+tTWbnCdqY2kZJjcAB25qy3lIuGVqbFALMkRYCGm49ghMBH0C8HaL9Is0dgr0H2FUO2FQv/WIy10UEFiEfV9BDSR11xMwfmRXmqDNJY/jcTXRMojzGwU0IxOpEmcZ9vLhOD438gbmaeYNFx5pddraVAGvW0akwCwH1VLR3kZ5/FbOoGZDzOyXfegLnpek2R6NQrtFvlecmK64EwfBVkmijwhPfI8CdeOBPiIE0S9qVnZJXjV8gMT3gPEJMf3eNgxLvw+Ka4KiEESybx7n73RtF/dXpcVSlylACdA04pjEeoDkFPZsKBYWwrIfGibWgSZiu8Px9SUb0NGf8J5VIEbyf+5jy96tTA1JVzGTSihHUO8guczsP7Bp2meCetDputa3lcrCnIxbewWZ9bD2QfCJj6IvGj/kJ8SoMu4WBjad5cbuv5G0o8ZLsR+A/MRnwpq+rwDTLSDdpvlP/Jdy+HKGY6/Uz/fwXl1fk4JXOoCgxINDzGQQTBoiUAcagkPMjq/D6TLj51VhF8rjkfIAWmYVYjIjpYHnOsVMRGMS16gJoZAZfNcyXzrei+otOIDvPC4ygz/o/1X+3xppU1KQaPhivCIZg1i7Q/qJCgYD7zWo0+XSN+AVZNSmxvY3bpqb/FpYetqwKHxvTxvBkan/wLk1flXcKs7mv9yWhJfKo45ocURkVhvVONlIxlouXuZMWE5rfHGbzDWiLs+bD+cNQrB23/b1duOyel+LGb8pZ3aVsSanAgDwTt6FqQD1MYYSEO9hOvAYYTmfNAhSG2DFrV9zn8yujc42jCQkJCfCD5A756/uFDmSwfAOdZOI/jJoq8LLhV/m9T4TlWtQWWbfVzc05TSnCyeDAFqOdnx4boxlWkB7AuoZQbaimQVYgmzf1K3iy84GzIEdhyfRPd6vWckAP4lf31PENpSaF5ozOJM0i9dLM7u74ya863ruU0Qisr8v02bkdrodOOm1xBenerVz6J1IuLNOslgMIa/2jqusFWqC6NPvPsPsbIvllaSoK08I96PJsgenDOt5WIDnV8ml7ZrCgP9aj7xxw7vBjXUfr29fEz6PUiwQe2GOfKV1wJYcXw9zL9DvC/Z8TArD0EffUbmK/WLQtNN2KYVQ5jUUBHgWK/fjFWmbQzPuOM3PHZcjXnmeOIifFX8wOpzBEeXULP9nczqCLZqGT4lwaitb79IPYyHeldAzjQvjaYHSYzGEeqnIpEmHjUC3JsxpgiwHC3ns2Uv7sb0TWi5C4OM7WZmINh/YwjwpyQjg5QQkTthDZmA6o1bDUv5AHfKIa1E7hfbneqFerjiX80bjciTQYOPnRypqv+sufFxcx4JSwCr8s12aykdwPYAE4odUlNoIVdv/A6mxiOwbnmjH63n5d0mcKH2jkYzhJP+c+3B+BmGWW1taiQcOxe2ocXfe3W3liFsOsf31n/qX50eWF74SkTCtD+UYLoq8cm1hiZy4Nqk5lASvvfhgrJ+FXhb/OKp3zjzLyC8d7Q/hHeWUGCQevk9UV4aaLR+5Trda48xYEVrW0ocBbxXaPrb4f/iBFBCCX69TnM+x7qRErECOfX9wzit46ftQ2RCNZHTu9AD8WKvwN8r2N1eqKQNo1NQ9xAHVEvN+OX9UTlncMghAo7UoxEXSkdy6xEZ6RC8WBrZNhIkafce6ARoar03Eopkg01hCiAXwJJpi1AS8FeodOMnErj3JtMZNPumrySATcSlJyRjhQNRsQNbkoKxb3wx9RNph5gZ09cB0CntNinRrWPAZDzJxlyftL9CF61znlXkywzcNMEs8mbiA7EIWUhdHYif/S0byzx9Htm/UoTFDLNSf5mNICaqBgbVzsQxEMDwgpruJmTWm0vWD6wdUdD/nKHqJMm9zy1OmXitf73W0XdZOzNupea+odNahs9JXV2wLMx4kAJ03HzgfoauProewXlvPkklrwHemWnUPjSl06RlkHXOu9H54Z75lUwnOJeooZ3229eeEMcyZUZwqE7Fif14B6uassf0Qcjsuf4LAJGZepoFgxZYxC5qMYg4CzfaWtOxQz4pazTsDxONDSVA3bBdyIudtoBSkpRefKywNbdDca5C4+7BW2AqybCIMiCUzz6Co+eQ1FoE8h0kTWE3S1mOVjZeG1M0blGBdx7fbG+VAKybArHrsqHMnQ3PyIBmkEZ5TFNYLzw6X4Ckkto5y7VWwmEwiVP699pvJiv++07diywx4X410d/pkz89KAWZeoQTLcHheDwFOV2PQolcZV1RoDsKKxNRzuMVrsXb8DMMr4Km6HLPJhs1oTPvDH6ZSWP2qaA9vZ9KTecbEb8j5zwAsmvMP5LXhqcNmqf28o0sgRxdHz+PTmNL9l26y9V3QDsnmjGr+VT3fZDcrmEjD2R17czjimLeNLTLYFdemmbC+N6BDbOd0Jp1vvAeccsHwt1YZeTd6bdHxfb72unrBqwRkqGMfLdHvOE4E+yJ8MwJAmV0+lL1he2/bd5GOIWFBFVH7bofNPaNsnKj35Qqu4j0MSnu5lGE0blFMgm3EkXf0braGP6OXp2SEX8/YbapN7NzcHD9SHbFqjMXcFO1F+g/lj6uWWPO2jgA8iw3bfbrxxibNI5Bgo1r9Zk5xWg79M8gUwkJJtmQJj05od7t9xWckR6/RZ9k+VrLDP8k1yLmj2KnqZPLPBYy1JL8ebAwE30KbzqFMQPM2oBpnP5kUDLAwK+Jt4djeeWLn5Q861BTpr9CT5rWmtMSqF6dtUXtQtXSgsTb7jZGOtsWxwebNLHmq9s2t/NEJZ9uWH4kWMOPt98BSN3hMYGIHoSS30Az+j7FmzvbAtqE5OtWEDSKPTI2AvNCUX1L0Q2cjspXztI+cfkEn2h2wN3CFuQKYRhwnCn6LLAOjKTpFX2tNccnpyD5lfzZ31r9Zd/huYG78Bkvt+d4x0Z0yDIq6QEmgDrkjWKsl/Vc47DSpLSjD+AJJ8jCzdYNl2UUuLgMlPs3D40UVuzDAGtEVNXd7G2eG2dd/7CI80D1LwG84pftlLR+/INfFt/TMP/tVikphi7hzXhAFEyP9Iyr6HgoyzglV2YbyXJsx3Vfkl3KFVuycihX6G9riDkxdRcji6rJ1agE7I2TctJltw/iZkMhBTYG1sF1t4hfm6sgxKB66uScfJ9zxuUa7/bClF7MTFARsTqHF+HMWreEts0ax2T2Oj+fQEPPuAuIAY8FbqpQQLDpS1E7NvVvfSD9jnRnFfWWoRyb0YxZsgk/dgovlMMysS0GzAPnCkoWOuYogZomWRoQ4vWrtZrwnjM1xuDJHc1OoPmvs17UUascRZNgS8D3oJeiLR9N4QnK3fBBiasKz7vcfcINgXe9QrdDHjTof16lzLaifi5RDZ9vi+sg==
PRIVATE
* 05/11/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am and took Leche on her walk after standup and meeting
with pen testers. Made a peppermint tea and pb and banana for
breakfast.

Got alerts setup for slack and fixed the insufficient data issue. Have
an idea for why fuzzy search was working on one env and not others.

Threw the ball for Leche at lunch. Fun exercise for both of us: I
throw the ball through the olympic rings at the end of the carport and
Leche brings them.

Walked for an hour at 4mph then did 45min of calisthenics (the thenx
app). Did my pushups in there. The goal is to start doing that
everyday

Had a salad/buddha bowl with the "hodo" tofu, quinoa, hummus and a
mustard + acv + olive oil dressing.

Took Leche for a walk after work and she played with three of her dog
friends. Picked up cheese for Mariana and an avocado at Naoum's.

Tired. Going to shower and sleep.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/10/2022
** Summary

Long day. I woke up at 8am and took Leche for our walk up the hill. We
ran into a new dog on the walk. The compost recylcing folks are
fostering an older hound dog who Leche got to meet. I told everyone we
ran into that it was Leche's birthday today and she got lots of extra
pets.

Figured out what happened last night deploy. Staged the fix for this
evening after all streamers were offline. Took about 90min to get
everything deployed.

Did a few smaller sized tasks today (log tooling for coworkers, slack
integration, optional field on input).

Made "buddha bowl" for lunch. Delicious.

Made a green lentil curry for dinner. Delicious.

Worked out with Simon after work. Bar squat + pushups (superset) and
pull ups + mountain climbers (superset). Had a canteloupe + whey +
beetroot powder smoothie with the workout.

Went to the store to get ground beef for Leche's birthday. Third year
in a row i've made her a small hamburger patty over rice with chunked
carrots. She loves it. I love seeing it too.

Walked about 6miles (4mph) today before workout. Its shaping up to be
one of my favorite activities. It works great for certain types of
work tasks, namely those were the job is well understood and the work
is just "connecting dots".

Gonna shower then go to bed.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
3b92b66b1e96fef8LsZVS+HCNk+PmU4sZU2L72hxBUlTO+tJ6H8ZJmMI2VsADspm2r8x+bzAomsB7nThMrLKmr5VxWlK83g+o5pvN+/7hsd83/9f+mk7SzGhwfEQtcbMJpHh4Vq2x2UfEcCc4M9yVisJ3Jih4GEjttmaEeyCCTWQM0EYDc5BTC8HZlHPFll5EOXbbfXDcT9c5NhsUTZXnXYhUkv4/s3melChcQrHZztB1rr2bCTaTkl8dqU+dTkntv+tTXq0aRF/1EqDjpHqHkAUqAnBNi/iQjLOyutIQWxLeVDO655L/IopFdGwwv1mi6h+O4iIwf8L2kdSHI3m8yrzkJhNpRFJoT33UK+Kl2YztRZ/oifCAT8LPx81K5xLfIHqZUPc6l4sjpm/RVG4tFVBAhCeZSTXDIVZMgisPKcNn6VShtsMJlfKbxlXL9HiHr8vlUblfK+SJ6QFtqAMJkVRuh6dl3J3Q03ij10wSGVCPaetbKdYmjc/Iy/rTGy+kEniuY8rQC1vQ/CJW2+DtDU5UaNN00u5HzuCG1kzOtfi1qpxxZFA47bTcyGgTr3xtcGwA7vgZ2w87Rkzaovhf2VIM6aATtr4sKxrROAd3/zMPIg0uniSkDFQ1aNyq4lgSCTwXb/ZUg6TrgL5pJUtrxOhLl+H55xIz2DBwCspFqMCcucvOYRh0cMTUi/u25NFDLPHnYG4oAjl8+U9M+UqgrGyKXlnBU0v8rPdVW/lkvs+xYI+EodlQXY9+ctnEW2d21gxJam1gp5QCQe9CKtZBhLIj8Hf+BfNd6Px1ArBpXR0xzok8dbD/0vm4m89imNSue0n6CqpKx7EugSZy1eAKPEdDx31tGEQv7ciyLD6S0nlucUPLWqk7KC/LhsspIAJjTVX554VMaxYu1Visa74txM0cHlxdM7h6RKQszq2jWInTAmKNgpVW9RdQ36x/ZkCRx8eg6FaAyNStnruQwOiAmU3w+wHL0iqCvs/40LCl2KOBt7u
PRIVATE
* 05/09/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am today to take Leche outside for a walk. She must have
heard something or had a bad dream because she didn't have to go to
the bathroom until deep into our walk. It took two trips to do it too.

Hopped on standup at 9am and continued my work from Friday. Took a
long time to get cluster setup and tested. By the time the prod deploy
was out though, something was misconfigured and I had to revert. Will
fix it tomorrow morning.

At lunch, showed the trailer to someone from craigslist. Took Leche on
a few walks and threw the ball for her at lunch. Had tofu + rice +
cabbage in peanut sauce for lunch and dinner. Had some hummus +
carrots too. A grapefruit. An apple. Hand full of almonds. Drank a cup
of coffee today. First time observation: I really don't need it. The
want is entirely psychological. Had I chose to exercise, it wouldn't
even be on my mind.

Focus has been pretty split recently. Mexico wedding around the corner
and Mariana with studying is bothered by last minute cancelations.

Did my pushups after my evening walk with Leche. Going to bed now with
some meditation.

<<PRIVATE
8c39668c1427fe9be5ZaMa0rRhCz4fVaNZGJtVY01TrFW901hlXFQ5tnb6nOWqjRHLPAVPdYzwr5gv8F+0m92H3gwePmHJF2PU3m2rfrZQQ8jryxxsM9clh3XrkdX/0+CxyUi/p6+0Vja1WNpffL/QUZyMG3Xa0xkyXeEtSE8Y3+Eh/O04MaIxaQCNnKG3Zl+XCuSuSoqbdHk3CmWiv1T7560LhXb9tTJIirPrCK8O/Z7PewO3kV2ZYEZSOCkK4I
PRIVATE

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/08/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am, made some tea and went to play a round of par-3 golf
with Nate at 9am. Good to see him, it had been a while. Probably a
couple months I think. Fun day of golf but not great. Par'd the first
hole and made a great put on the fifth but lost two balls from two
sloppy tee-offs (overpowered both and shanked one).

Took Leche for a walk around the block then headed over to comissary
for a cup of coffee. Talked about stocks and houses. Came back to drop
off the car key for Mariana for her swim appointment. On the way ran
into the neighbor who likes to quiz everyone. I interrupted him and
said I don't have time for a stop and chat today to which he said
"well, how about a good morning neighbor!?". I said "good morning" but
continued to walk. Cold interaction, yeah, but he seems to love
trapping people in conversations they don't want to be in so it was
for the best. Nate laughed and wanted to hear more.

We hung out for a bit more then went to the farmer's market to get a
country loaf of bread. Took Leche who was a bit distracted by
everything (as dogs are at the farmer's market).

Came back home and Nate went to pick up Melissa from a family event. I
called my Mom and wished her a happy mother's day and ordered her
Chinese food for lunch. She chose a poorly rated (yelp.com) place but
she said she liked it so who am I to judge.

Ran into Sam and Elle as Leche and I were throwing the ball in the
drive way. Dogs played and we hung out for a bit. I ran back the
farmers market before they closed (1:45pm, closed at 2pm) and got
vegetables for the week for under $30.

We all got lunch togther. I made a kale, banana and pear smoothie and
ordered lemongrass tofu bahnmi. Marian got the korean bbq bahn mi. We
ate outside. Great sunny day. I didn't know Sam had a degree in
philosophy (or minored in philosophy? I missed that much). Cool. Also,
apparently all of them swam in high school.

I went to the grocery store to pick up food for Leche and some tofu,
lentils and beans, grapefruit and frozen blueberries for us.

Came home and started preparing food for the week. Leche's food in
crock pot. Made a hummus (6 portions) with chickpeas I got from
yesterday's market (soaked overnight) and a lemon from our tree. Still
have some dishes to prepare, something with the tofu and rice I'm
preparing. Got two heads of cabbage too. Maybe I'll start a sourkraut
this week.

Walking on the treadmill now then will call Mona for mother's
day. Still need to do 100 pushups.

Did 100 pushups. Made dinner (tofu bowl with kale, shredded cabbage
over rice and a peanut sauce). Cleaned the kitchen and took a
shower. Going to watch Barry then go to sleep.

* 05/07/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am to take Leche on a "Dog run" with my old coworker
Ben Strawbridge over in Mar Vista. Met up with him and his dog Rheas
around 9am. Turns out "dog run" is an east-coast phrase meaning dog
park where dogs run. I wore running gear just in case. Good to see him
and have Leche run around with other dogs. First time in enclosed dog
park since her attack over a year ago.

Came home and made a smoothie for breakfast (whey, pb powder +
tascalate, banana, ice, chocolate, oatmeal). Delicious. Did a
calisthenics workout with rings then dropped Mariana off at pool and
went to Jiffy Lube for oil change and tire rotation. $160 in 45
min. It might cost me $60 for 1 hour (if supplies are delivered and
not factoring recycling oil). Might be worth it next time.

Took Leche to a swim "lesson" at 3:30pm for her birthday. She LOVED
it. Took her about 5min to get comfortable jumping off the ramp to
fetch a ball but then she started jumping off the dock. Water dog
loved it so much. She's been wiped all day since. She must've jumped
off the dock to fetch something like 30 times. Great times.

Watched the new Mike Meyers movie/show on Netflix. Had some good jokes
in it but mostly not for me. Was good to unwind. Going to sleep now
and playing a game of golf tomorrow with Nate.

* 05/06/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am and walked for an hour before taking Leche outside
for her walk. Standup at 9am. Focus was to work on search but required
downtime so didn't get to the deploy until last hour of the day.

Made a peanut butter, banana, whey, chocolate, ice, tescalate smoothie
for breakfast. Leftover currie for lunch. Rice and beans for
dinner. Mango and popcorn for movies. We watched Rudo y Cursi a pretty
funny movie by Alfonso Cuaron's brother (cousin?). Then Mariana
watched some made for Netflix movie about a high school metal
band. Pretty predictable and lots of parts felt slopily edited and
written. Not for me.

Going to take Leche to the dog park tomorrow morning. Afterward, oil
change. Later in the day, taking her to swim.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/05/2022
** Summary

I tried going to sleep early last night but no luck. Leche barked a
bunch and Mariana was on her phone for hours. I woke up at 6am and
then went to bed. Didn't have a focus, so lost it.

Went back to bed and woke up at 8:30am.

Made some golden mao feng tea and drank it before taking Leche on a
walk. She got chicken and rice for breakfast. I made a banana + whey +
pb + tascalate smoothie.

Synced with Billy at 11am then did a series of small schema hardening
tasks. Tomorrow I'll focus on IAM role for one client.

Walked 4miles today then did a calisthenics workout after
work. Shoulders were good enough to do pull ups today. I didn't do the
reverse drops though as I think that probably led to the slow
recovery. Will do them again next time, just maybe on a supplemental
set. Doing ring rows till exhaustion would be good too.

Threw the ball with Leche at lunch (big salad with quinoa and tahini
lemon dressing). After the treadmill, ate leftover tofu stirfry.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/04/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and took Leche for a walk after standup. Bought
five bananas from Naoum's market and came home to freeze them. Walked
on the treadmill for an hour then made a peanut butter + banana + whey
protein + water + oatmeal smoothie. Delicious. Will be even better
tomorrow when the bananas are frozen.

Had leftover kelp noodle stir fry for dinner. Delicious.

Bought plane tickets for offsite and submitted reimbursement. Worked
on securing chat and got PR up. Bought a tank top so I can do
focusmate while walking (too hot too wear normal shirt).

Got a few schema changes up too.

Leche's stool is still watery. She's been eating rice chicken and her
dog food. I cut out her dog food for dinner so we'll see if she still
has the runs after her breakfast tomorrow. If so, call the vet again.

Spoke with Jacob and Marlaine about the wedding. Will hear from Jacob
on Monday and will drive up to see Marlaine and help out where I
can. Taita is in the hospital and it's pretty stressful. Any help I
can give, I will.

Messaged my old coworker Ben Strawbridge on Linkedin thanking him for
adding his face to everyoneeverywhereallatonce.com. Turns out he lives
really close! Will meet up for his dog running group one day. Not sure
how long Leche will run, but it'll be fun.

Made a soup of black eyed peas, watercrest greens, garlic and
quinoa. Delicious. Added some dried epasote de comer in hopes to make
it less farty. Basically worked.

Going to bed before 10am and going to wake up early for walk and
exercise. Can start working on dawn chorus again.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/03/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6am today ready to get oil changed but delayed it until
tomorrow since the Jiffy Lube that opened early had some terrible
reviews. Going to the one I know even though it opens later. Either
tomorrow or on Saturday.

Busy day. Had a streamer testing the app which took most of my morning
focus. Met with pentesters. Updated twitter graphic, re-scoped an api
for viewer counts, fixed fuzzy search.

Took Leche on a few walks today but no ball throw. She still had a bit
of runny poop in the afternoon. I wonder if the chicken and rice is
upsetting her? Maybe its the new dog food? She's been on it for about
a month though. Will continue to watch.

Made a tofu stir fry with kelp noodles for dinner. Pretty good. Super
crunchy / springy noodles. They don't really absorb any sauce. It's
basically just water.

Intended to have workout and empanadas with Simon but he cancelled
workout and empanada place was closed by the time he got
there. Probably for the best we didn't do workout since my shoulders
were still pretty raw from the other day's set. Will do another
tomorrow if better. Otherwise a SL set.

On our last walk of the night, Leche and I saw Murrey right ourside
our house. He waited patiently for Leche to run out and say hi. Then
he ran up to our door and scratched on it to go inside. Funny, Ziggy
does the same thing.

Pretty long day. Felt like a couple hours today was juggling tasks
pretty constantly. Going to bed now.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/02/2022
** Summary

Today was a good day. Woke up and took Leche for her walk before
standup. Just went around the block this time. Returned to make a
kales smoothie for breakfast. It wasn't that good. Needed a banana but
we're out.

Tweeted out my project (EveryoneEverywhereAllAtOnce) and got a lot of
positive feedback from it. In total 1.5K visitors and 62 uploads.

We also had a big streamer demo our app today. Some visible issue with
the HUD but unclear what happened. Will bring it up with the FE team
tomorrow.

Patched Friday's API with two changes. Have a solution for search
fuziness tomorrow.

Deployed production after the demo at 8pm then ate a salad for
dinner. Threw the ball with Leche at lunch.

My shoulders were absolutely wrecked from yesterday's workout. Ate
more protein today in hopes of recovering faster for tomorrow's
exercise. Will workout with Simon tomorrow then get empanadas.

Did my pushups while winding down. Figure I might convert the videos
to gifs for EveryoneEverywhereAllAtOnce but really I think the problem
is the short interval switching between videos. What might be a better
solution is to compile chunks of 1s videos composed of 10 100ms clips
and play those.

Waking up early to go to Jiffy Lube to get oil changed and tires
rotated.

Going to meditate while falling asleep.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/01/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8 and went to the Santa Monica Farmer's market. Brought
$100 cash and spent $95. More than enough food for the week. Honestly,
we can probably due with $60 if I'm more particular about what I
buy. Instead of buying like 15 tomatoes, just buy a couple. Had a cup
of chaga mushroom tea while driving over.

Returned to take Leche on our weekly walk with neighbors. Hind and
Neil showed up today. We took the stairs over on Rose Ave. Raced up
them With Leche who was eager to run.

Walked back and made breakfast. Made eggs and mixed it into rice for
Leche. She didn't eat much of it. She's still on a bland diet until
tomorrow morning. Didn't eat until we mixed in chicken and rice into
her bowl this evening.

Got my project EveryoneEverywhereAllAtOnce.com up and will ask folks
for their opionion tomorrow. What's the best way to ensure people put
their eyes in the same position as everyone else?

Did a calisthenics workout today. About 15 min of jumprope and a full
body circuit based on "Minus the gym" youtube account
recommendations. Assisted pull ups, leg raises, ring pushups and air
squats times 5. Great workout. Arms gave on the pull ups pretty quick
but the assisted band is pretty awesome. On the last sets I did drop
negatives--I think that's what they're called--where you jump up to
the bar and let yourself fall down slowly. The last reps weren't that
slow of a fall. Ring pushups were also great. Can really feel it in
the chest when you stick the right form, otherwise the arms
burn. Keeping them low for now as I can feel that exercise better than
dips.

Mariana went to her pottery studio friend's pottery sale. All kinds of
vendors there. Mariana bought some curry spice mix, some barley tea
and a sweet treat (some kind of cookie / brittle). I toasted and
blended the spice into a powder and made a vegetable curry for
dinner. Needed some salt but was delicious. Bought some tahini i'm
going to go hard on this week with all the vegetables I bought at the
market. Come to think of it, I did buy too much at the farmer's
market. Should meal plan instead of taste plan at the market. Variety
is okay but small amounts

Asked some friends and family what they thought of my project and a
few added their face. Tomorrow we'll get closer to releasing in the
app store. Will rework the chat system then hit the backlog.

Excited to do some more treadmill too. Friggen love how I feel after
doing that and good work.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/30/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and walked on the treadmill for an hour. Went
to C&M with Mariana for breakfast. Had granola and fruit with a chaga
tea. She had oatmeal. Came back to walk Leche. On the walk she had a
bit of diarhhea. Later in the day she threw up a few times. Worried,
we called the vet who said to put her on bland diet until for
24hours. If she is still vomitting tomorrow, we'll take her in.

Mariana went to swim at noon and I did some errands. Posted the
trailer on craiglist after taking some photos. Replanted those "wild"
tomatoes growing in our box. Threw the ball with Leche for a bit. Then
started walking on treadmill. 90min at 4mph. Did workout after. Felt
great. "Grease the groove" SL weight with 150 pushups. Doing the
bioneer fast impulsive style pushups in sets of 30+.

Took a shower and made smoothie. Took Leche on another walk where we
met neighbor with his dog Sam who gave us some pumpkin puree for
Leche's stomach. Came home and worked on the "everyone"
project. Nearly ready. Need twitter and facebook cards setup and basic
email sends. Try changing the subject message, see it'll deliver that
way.

Watched the finale of Ozark. Gripping show. Mariana didn't like the
way it ended but I figured it would end how it did.

I made a potato soup for dinner. Delicious. Will go to Santa Monica
farmer's market tomorrow to pick up more produce for the
week. Possibly the fish market afterward too. Will do it early in the
morning so we can still take Leche on her group walk.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/29/2022
** Summary
I woke up and did about an hour of walking treadmill before
work. Great way to start the day. Did another hour later in the
evening. I feel so good after I break a sweat.

Mostly Glow work today. Released the new API, finished a few features
and added put up PRs for "nice-to-haves" I logged a while ago. Good.

Mariana and I went to the beach for dinner. Ordered Ikes sandwiches
and sat on Venice with them. It was pretty cold so we only stayed to
finish our sandwiches before heading back home. We watched the last
part of season 4 of Ozark before going to bed. I fell asleep during
the last episodes we watched and went straight to bed after (so I'm
writing this log entry the on Saturday). Will talk with Mariana about
what happened during the show.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/28/2022
** Summary
I'm writing this summary earlier than usual because I'm taking a pause
in my normal flow of things. My focus hasn't been right as yesterday
news of my nephew might not being able to come to our wedding this
summer got me pretty frustrated. Jered explained how he had been
setting up passport appointments that Job's mom repeatedly missed. Was
sort of frustrated all of yesterday. Had bad dreams too. All from
something so simple.

I needed to change something today--and still feel this need--so I did
multiple workouts. I made a point not to compulsively use any internet
product (youtube especially) and over all my attention and work was
pretty good.

Had a coworking session with Tim today. I spent the first 20 min or so
venting which was kind of a bummer. Not a great first impression for
these remote co-working session. Then again, we've worked together
plenty so I feel its kinda natural.

Finished the view count problem and then re-implemented the API
solution after James noted the rate-limit documentation was
ambiguous. We're going with our own solution.

I finished work and had a co-working session with Evan. I did a SL
workout with some pushups mixed in. I focused on isolating the pecs
during the pushups and did several sets to failure. Sometimes I would
notice myself getting into old habits of going until 10 and then
stopping. When I caught myself, I would go back and continue until
failure. Excellent. That's that Baggar Vance swing.

I showered then swept the house afterward and cleaned my desk and
kitchen. I threw the concrete dumbells I made. Yes, they were maybe
5lbs heavier than the ones we found on the street but the would flake
concrete everywhere. I figured if I took them outside and shook off
the concrete, they'd good enough for inside. Three of the 4 buckets
slid off the concrete block but in trying to remove the fourth bucket
I broke the handle. Donezo. Trash after that.

I took Leche on her second to last walk of the day. She got some good
playtime with Quincy the small mini aussie dog.

Earlier in the day I talked with Job. Stressed how great it would be
if he could come to our wedding and that there is still time to get
his passport. He sounds good. Almost 16 years old. Incredible how fast
time goes.

Earlier in the day I decided to order pelmeni from a Russian
restaurant. The oscars-prize dinner I made was kinda bland so I
thought it'd be a nice treat.

I think it'd be good to start using this regular practice to add two
new practices with it: a dream log, recorded every morning and a
journal which is less about the days events and more about
aspirational focus. I suppose I could keep it all in this context and
rely on my privatize tool. Not a bad idea.

I would like to finish my "everyone" project this weekend and get back
to working on "dawn chorus". I should be able to finish it this
Saturday and share with friends and family before circulating it wider
next week.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/27/2022
** summary

i woke up at 8am and made a hot cacao with whey protein before hopping
on standup call. did about 30 min of treadmill walk, not the focus i
wanted to start the day. had some bad dreams.

got a viewer count rendered in hud. had coworking session with
matteo. good to catch up with him. made a green smoothie and peanut
butter and strawberry sandwich for lunch.

made russian pelmeni soup as promised for mariana's oscar bet
prize. took maybe 2 hours in total, 3 with cleanup. not my best work,
i think because i didn't salt the meat.

been watching a lot of vegan content on youtube and i'm thinking of
trying it all of next year. i want to set myself up for success there
so i think i'll do a vegan week sometime this year. maybe a few of
them. did my pushups in the late afternoon.

Going to bed now.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
e304e849be38c456pZ5DrvxsFhoQz1nyoiFcUl9VRwqKEjWp5ocv4fSsU3NQbn8ZHUT1OUZDBsD+BZ5tHjAb9PwxLK/leUn63FopALfRWXgrFCtSuhL47sX3Dsnw9Fmk3ccn0UIY0iJ2ZkTSRi9xfQ==
PRIVATE
* 04/26/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am and walked on the treadmill for an hour. Felt
great. Took Leche for our walk after.

Confirmed an i18n task and looked into emoji rendering. I think we'll
have to go the SVG route. Did another demo with the team
today. Looking pretty spiffy after last week's HUD work

Jered called around 4pm and we chat for a bit about Job coming to
Mexico this summer. Might need to make some calls but we'll see.

Worked out with Simon today after work. Had leftover shrimp rice
porridge for lunch and made shrimp tacos for dinner. Simon, Leche and
I walked to Naoum's to pick up avocado and tortillas. No tortillas so
we bought avocado and lime then walked to 7/11 for tortillas. I bought
pork rinds too

Made the tacos real quick. Delicious. Good to hang out with
Simon. We'll have a going away party before he leaves. Workout was
solid. Landmines + ring rows + squat & hanging ab lifts +
pushups. Tacos were a good reward.

Played Quardle (4 games of wordle at once) with Simon after
tacos. Demo'd the "everyone" app to him, some good feedback to stitch
the videos. I'll do that and stuff the recently added on on it via
client + url share.

Going to bed now.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
1285d4b7410e00b1CRUZP5U2snp/bpMnqe25K+pFLJceOC9EAvpuQIjI0pOqijAtDtHzs1SN4d2v1DlLz/KeE9CyUlsOCpeVJjJw79Ix7fobJRAfd4x+SohTjY0BcDmvaTjo4TvDjZynEscb2iRsRnnXeByeIWXrHnjXqDezUhu3pSXrUNfneDovJBcQ9YejOaR3N5clPg4VvOiGEsgHy+ZSd5X5JQzC/cdTb9pNnugpjKyNIOZ4O14xhtuE7AknnLu0tXnGfGXNUFVhHMzOdXxwOlQeBKBX77tZCQMgSGaC4dE2N24SjTpsU5D39IhJDSl97byWyyq2ocOovoRPUDY9GSl5CudiX/BWqRQd+d2Dnxxy/eE8Vr/Kx2p/vdMkaNoaaZ5Wb9gvwE9u05NIjdpt3WfPrHnGMBIyXVBfjhhJY0K7gCf5720blYKRhtCyvOdlH3CQn5tHZC8nL4Tr2KCOPgbJI2xidWLbWdUQTfJYCNYaQp0/+QUgaQo3fjod/gR4HY7Pv7hMHaqCGlIHXary9OtiYdYHfbf0Exql32TCZEagnEEegyz0ovjLiBXaODZBR2tE0hPwPU/KQ5PwYfPm+bf+V7PWt8J+R4Al+s96UeWUGpLETPIJ4jywrcfno5+Nbs+NIgc8n06D5USeksGWooEg7Dqudw3yJpRDUd4+k7Pm4ivnU84mmS5ruwap/vNbE9zcbIa+8PqEjLvow1+Dl49hcmffIeD1WwbKjNOBccCrFNEur/AaishA7RkOOafrqGkOIkox9GRkSg7PnibVdHi64TqaRezF/0re61emcB1PTE78ySNo0ApE9YjS37CG4ryVOEGxBqARL+CWcw0R6tEnwclToUaixxwMAjv54JZWr0lkHXVSAxjmhVVSCpZmMpnDH1UPAA/jXyye+Mph6IsNcQ6BEiXrUpMr5mOUT5nm+xiDCMT8oOk8pp99RMQI+wvZWGg5haQuMYcbnY1bd7S9PP4o3viYvQhxq0N9CZooV+T2Ib56T5r2uagv5gXHsUWuhcRwQhAMUwEeFsDUivyG8XMa+kTxG1jyKPW3NrDHra9gRZJroZ+fLLFIlRqerX3+ybgEap9KhO8nPrKb52J7vQsG5oc/vNNOgjAODgquUy3Ek+JClBwPpNdLJpUknRX48ZCcbwWd606eoOaoRnKjqMgK3Xyg5dZIefQs8zuq1+pUlpP3XDczORbJa8GUaG3SnO/mSzxwciXHUdhNPGJcD7GSs1gSk9TcZxq+oobmYRk2Ldn0fxOaLXNLP+ps99FzQDkzqjvmru6fLd9Z8AyeeGXHlLqkHtT8zAS8Yi+0W17h9IfxY2mFlC8wrU2pcijEoxU4PvRUkTr6grNxqlcmgQ9FJp0sxPuPfaKaMFrXslzCHfP9XaIznLRSmnskrzL+oskl1FWuGopjal+vbhzKP2IKJLIi1eKqsU+HeMhceKv1KWiFjvqPYkCoKGNhkGvAltMnhRjei1MfFGm7uuIzpJReqIEF8qaFdJkT4HdMP8nhK3Gv6MCAtQ98uoJELLFUEnjVGmv1LO+uBj7BoVJlbXHEhemDVJxLtRTqp+3yIKkRLXwemhL+1GKwjTWJzXhbGRysQkZfpZK+slaqsMOTbqjBi4cwxUQJm8Q3ahwxorr6XyKUGVm0zXi3m+ILRMwEYumvc+K0mCuvn6uucTF5ezwzXuGlFp9lQMXqjTVQHqH/iIDFi/M+kFPC3iBeqIA7bIGJC4bE/qkVkVyWEyUULiQxaBCXd06v58RHCtZhYxwjhuxB9rngqOztsvmFK5FCqxWVc1EGgkWGgCGQMM0WiHzEgpwDpbxHo5apSfdpphKUzMpVo3ZjF3gu2+KpydqNCrDhjldOWJnrkSq/qme7RPoT0aR7sz+C6c/OIs9fxGC2ip0BNZq9ojVeyqYpRj6gJruuOMtntUl6jy0nRVGe/o8Q8VdxVv9uD/qZWThFei0kaYGb0OZZhNGIh5BjFFWeUTKZjZsHY3gmKfrFFtxDgVPWBrmWwHmOvsPuAxe+cZEQUjXouJjcj5Hyz0fXIjEYSj9db0zZOGHK5kiEJzNTI8odfFBHIsNiM/EEJ3wIXUrqaKA7g5ZceASisyJ9mZ+WmOaBKVLXLgEBtm3QS9P8Mz+4ce2DeUSdThfqvVx5W15yaUBIzhoa+6+6MLAuMZu+0fNv/2uiexTGLktG/addjNss6kQJkhx8x93NXA9SqXpYrALqe5maereiwtjpSVDwHcsvox/fnuNHCfwh9GFizaOFo5cQUoSVaCOF2IYfDeX8YM764GRfmF/gDcd6N/fTD0X4rmrVGTG24OH1A4bW6azCXfAXomZWonDJqChQIRocM0AzqnQG+nohT1lA1TlnhuKAxYdCU+24i3GZuB1EEghuZ6sRcTf/vGUzseFAL3wjBJLS1W1BIKV3t9svD+dRBZDgHj5zOh9PUnvGGfm/2Jv+r46B3B+YPPyI+LN34reGbq6veAd44dJ+jltksuw7VwJU/mPG8x6IbArTCdKNVhgEA1GC6i5S7Mjgmp8cH5MFsZ8FGmx0yUoMWgMePIevPLakQDoy40AXHp47C8apcM8LoCMMQJ43H5hLIk4yThqlTM/iuEMoCGp/z/4wP6rZ8oX0EjK32AnTfVODYpUr+VGcyqDrpkUEGCv7q99OHLUdHPOExotIaySbbNi8OrOGerGDfDdBRFKICvzy+4nZy3bvWrCq6tfAu9GFBWtY36zOL7pOUJVgppicJZdimeiZcFcnV8DGeih7tc+IlOg4+2j0TUTIYnEd6tldWvHtrNz7VTTmH2sWGJA1A37Ug5s7juCqoK0jRbcH1SvVaFIqDlkGJBwg25YdMukG5MZLrJu1qqUIx7T+rj+KqZ6juD5lh7yrsS4GUO92o1vMOKlXMBW+FgkOoop3PvO37SsWUxdRoPxhq39ZD++sG8S0sK1mts4TxjKcAgTD3X8Gt6VGjjYjmxMpAejbvbvQ/fQlYcxobruxoyK8AERu/+0+Soxs00XjuM8nHcip74hwk6iBc5lw/8qZeG+7S9wsKMsy3JtUCR8O+4nKBP8cwJukqVgEZe6FOCNy7zoFZdkUR0JnFSTp+CWm3qS1ulcMpwJZLE+KPsl7UgZacse9iQBGn/bP5cl2GngBwHo0aYXr0NdCQFnOWsYp4kZtPwl8kmY12hJqkvdIS/OIfuwMBLdKTldOxM5YoCGcGE51/PlYthzeUIp9gl5NhNQh2D2vLgc3Wlht+isNjwfubf2TfyeWv9JrVib2VxaAQ7L+vGVG0eWVZyMMxqZoOJSFnDPky0pFNl+8bPet5MtA9XVCJJYlBKZTfXDbRc2FD//YZ38Nbebk3Vtae0ZNl2vD/ABwSVf/8KDF95dOEK3naHI2GKkUzZgd5ONbBlaHGeXJ9YU7riidQ3v9TIWVuEHSdZO8/60ZXmMJpn4gRxwjcBEGUPL7iJDAQ5PbwuOZh4ly0vIxU0PF0M6Y3K1K0GEBrEeyNieijLtRFYeNocXNZluvdgD0FWncNiE61ryJdersJsBZQVgWjxCfMwSnfF+gFx5nONfRCBS0WrhIPjS/zjRYeib0JZV69Evrfv/dCr8T5IASEmaGRbImHE/G60YNYgwbNOjSf9FCCZxUwH4e3JN2ANvgYZCcKWq3oAiDtD+3qcomasD97zEgQ5jZid3uSLccHsoKOV8670qeXNg9301djNDiNFeymEv1+5joNhbqT6tc4+Vro7tpscBwXEcPb8p3gUKztKE6h5snXkMo/hExJb82yowQDgBpeNaNnfnGJfYGQMWQJ4+eSA2Hs4kgBlW5FtLACAlmNqazJeIkXanp+hb3Mdgqseg9WAZtBG0jOhhTFx0D9v2Y0Jte3oaFZatkO3CTk9SoFDtBh1beVAyQHKYmFBUNz3S4fcmGrzAwad2/TfdPjJJasKKf5DqLffOJOUr2fAmiHbQSUDsSGK9o7ahciCMfzCLpFke1HPOB/bMvgFnwYhvg8FSw1AUcJZq4BQYNGcAkuzm7QSJG2Q4q2UTYRz2DcdKlwfeAF6UjfiMiewhZqtiDtxySkQTvKDmDve10jlp3NXSmdhpg1EWr08uqGjgd1lOCMoXqJuSnP35kQ0NQKYGjaAK4ztu8HHAfz6FAi57WZxwSeOMwDQk4lGllDJaW/YYdyIdZ+jbNxAYFkMy7JMccFRg0PGzH6VI8VGOscg5OhsqJGJnbzFz1PnRoj7+KXk1/9stkdyXTeNspGE6EJhOkqpus6Sdog7PzVKfS4zgz+1TalbaVNxElH2viIoUFB2vpYJ2fr8c84mfibi2hl0pPKNMGTIVrIc9GlZt/Sdf3JDmWRs5z+eaC/ehULau/ru367weYNdgcOF9Ehk08mXPUa/EtiVtwKrgMY9cWuzZ8Fx4WxjPklQzCv0O96p7M2PvgyfPq3vQOb0LaV+dR2Vr2dQbkp1ni/3su9anA0WvxUaS6mlHOnHE+Z8z6Q1K1I1LNkrm2uGior8RNRDJGIlAi+OLQv5nRqoPVeOzBuKN16KkVOBQdZzXkfXUPJGpoPgy0gRhnaZx/Sjbj5FFPJUbOJRj/jeU+HIjTW8/wZw+5wpqRC9c=
PRIVATE
* 04/25/2022
** Summary

I woke up when Mariana left for work at 8:20am. Standup at 9am which I
took at the kitchen table while I made hot cacao. Had a few calls with
coworkers after standup before taking Leche on our walk at
10:30am. She was pretty reluctant today, very slow.

Deployed latest production and tested. Fixed bug for Albert. Tested
code from last Friday and groomed the backlog. Proposed a design for
the viewer count feature.

Did a SL workout at 5pm. Was pretty drained though. On my 5th rep or
third set I leaned too far forward on squat and psyched myself
out. Finished out the rest of sets on lower weight. Same with
deadlift. Tomorrow I'll do treadmill in the morning and a weights
session with Simon after work.

I made ground turkey and cabbage for dinner. Breaking the "only fish
during the M-Th" goal. Poor planning on my part this week. Frankly,
this goal has been slipping.

Went to the middle eastern grocery to get the ground lamb for pelmeni
I owe Mariana for our Oscars bet. Went to Trader Joe's to pick up the
rest of the ingredients.

Tomorrow, I will wake up early for a stretch and treadmill
session. Will work on the mobile upload problem for my "everyone"
project and if fixed, setup auto-emails for me. Work day will focus on
i18n

** Notes
*** Me
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/24/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 9am and took Leche on her walk at 10am. Only John and
Inez joined us today. It was Inez' birthday and Ellie made "pupcakes"
for the dogs to eat. Leche savoured hers. Never seen her take so long
to eat something before.

Got back and made breakfast with Mariana. We went swimming at
1pm. Great day for it. Put on loads of mineral sunscreen. Mariana was
worried they wouldn't let me in because I would get the pool dirty
with sunscreen. LOL.

Had the rest of the protein cookies I made after the swim. Tooks a
shower after Mariana and she left with Leche to go see Aeree. Worked
on my "everyone" project and got it into a functioning place. Mobile
uploads aren't working, need to investigate. Add better error handling
on the client too. Also, return the uploaded asset so we can shim it
into the player via localstorage.

Made a shrimp rice gumbo of sorts for dinner. Went on a walk with
Mariana at 10am and returned to do my pushups and write this. Will
watch an episode of Barry before bed.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/23/2022
** Summary
Relaxing day today. Worked on my "everyone" API. Nearly ready. Hung
upside down and used the car buffer on my back. Felt good.

Moti came over and she and Mariana went to have lunch at Lokal before
meeting Marie and heading to the park. Leche and I went on a walk and
played ball for a bit.

We watched "The Batman" before bed. Way too long and pretty
disappointed in it. The Nolan trilogy was all about character context
but this just drops you in and expects you to care. Also, some really
cheesy / pandering lines in it.

Went to sleep thinking it was a Universal balance between how good
"Everything Everywhere All at Once" was and how crappy this was.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/22/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am with Mariana and made standup by 9am. Took Leche on
our walk and focused most of the day on upgrading some infra. In-place
updates but I wanted to be careful. Did some work on the invite
feature but not much.

Had some back and forth with vendor about their SDK. It looks like a
param may be expiring or renamed in a new version and support engineer
thought we were using wrong field. If so, their current sdk is broken.

Made a glass noodle stir fry for dinner that was pretty good. Chicken,
mushrooms, onions, glass noodles, green onions, garlic, oyster sauce,
soy sauce, bit of mollasses, bit of worcestershire. Delicious.

Had a big green smoothie for lunch. Kale, banana, pear, orange juice,
pinch of cayenne. Delicious.

Walked at 4mph on treadmill while making infra upgrades. Walked for
90min mostly uninterrupted. Felt great. Did my pushups after.

Spent some time on personal infra but realize for the 'everyone'
project it still is probably best to use firebase's lambda. Firefox
isn't cropping video properly so I won't support it for my video
projects.

Bed time.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/21/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am today. Had planned to have a coworking session with
Tim at 10am but rescheduled to next week for his schedule
today. Synced with Wolfram at 9am to walk him through my PRs. Call
with Billy at 11am.

Took Leche on our walk up the hill. The builders working on the
apartment buildings off mentone/national were grinding cement. Some
were breathing in the dust, others had masks on face.

I forgot to write: the other day on our walk, Leche and I ran into
Kathy who pointed out a pinecone for Leche to have. We played with it
for about a block. I kicked it, she picked it up and ran with it for a
bit then dropped it for me. Her new favorite toy these days is this
baby toy she stole from Ania when she was here. AK gave it to her
because she already chewed a hole in it.

I had salmon rice and broccoli for lunch. Deployed latest API to dev
and filled out a questionnaire for our pentesters.

Did a quick 5x5 workout with lunch.

Took Leche on a walk when Mariana got home then worked on personal
site infrastucture. Looking good. Will test ffmpeg on it. Listened to
some music that took me back about 10 and 5 years. Felt good. It's
raining now. Going to crack the window for better sleep

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/20/2022
** Summary
Woke up early to do a treadmill workout before work. Started at 7:30am
and went to 8:30am. From 3-4mph. Felt pretty good. Strangely, I think
I tweaked my back in the process though. Maybe from the yesterday but
I started noticing it a few hours into the day. Had cayenne pepper
with horny goat weed mixed in water to wake me up. The chili
definitely does but I think the brisk walking was the biggest benefit.

While walking I setup some billing alarms on my personal stack. Will
continue that work tomorrow morning after workout.

Had standup with team at 9am and looked into an issue Albert
flagged. User error but did bring up a type refinement we can do. Low
priority. Took Leche on her walk up the hill. On the way down we ran
into Kathy. We're trying to not make Leche expect treats from
her. Next sunday we'll also tip Kathy at the farmer's market if we're
there. She gives Leche treats all the time.

Got the new system tested end-to-end and had a few clarifying emails
with the vendor. No blockers just good to know how their system works.

Waited until 11:30am for breakfast of 4 eggs and blueberries. About
1-2 hours later I ate the rest of the shrimp + chickpea pasta. Probably
too much too soon because was pretty tired after that.

Put up the PRs and finished work early around 5pm. Threw the ball with
Leche. Played chase with her too since she really loves to keep the
sqeeky ball. Had a co-working session with Chase at 2pm. Pretty heads
down in it to focus on integrating vendor webhooks.

Cooked salmon rice and broccoli for dinner. Waited for Mariana to get
home to got to Nordstrom Rack to size up suit. We compulsively bought
other some clothes and now I don't want to buy anything for like two
weeks. I think that's doable to balance out the big spend.

Some of that stuff was smart to buy. My daily shoes have had a hole in
them for about a year and looked pretty weathered. Got a pair of white
vans and black nikes.

Did my pushups early morning after the treadmill. It's 10:41 now,
feels like the day flew by.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 04/19/2022
** Summary

I woke up early today and did a SL 5x5 workout before call with Dad at
8am. Been a while since we've had morning call and it was good to see
him. Finished my workout after the call. Took Leche on a walk
afterward. Made Mariana a pb powder + oatmeal + banana smoothie for
breakfast. I had a blueberry, whey, pb and banana smoothie with
workout and 4-5 scrambled eggs after walk. Gave Leche 1-2 scrambled
eggs.

Fixed a data migration issue on prod. Prepared for meeting with
pentester at 1pm. Tested the app with the team at noon. Major issue
with one of our systems that went into read-only mode silently. Fixed
it and set up alerts.

Had call with pentester about drafting their SOW. Prototyped a
redirect solution to the HUD edge case I'm waiting for vendor to
acknowledge. Redirecting won't solve our problems. Drafted a spec for
how to do it without and shared with frontend team who will implement.

Ate a salad with tuna for lunch and made shrimp + zucchini chickpea
pasta for dinner. Took Leche on a few walks and threw the ball with
her at lunch. Walked Mariana to her studio with Leche and picked her
up afterward.

Played more with side project DCC but I think I've exhausted all
firebase-only solutions. Going to setup API running on EC2 and be done
with serverless ffmpeg problems. Should be able to process everything
blocking request.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
14e21adf0f1bf345wQF+/adfmmDf6FHga+g+CfuYLApxfsCABXc1b0A2QCan+HQ+O72AcS57ntMpyTLsHoqlqeQ5liSCyjHl1HrnYXi7h1IWYHLLCa2AUeYmG8Fr6R7wjM329BwRSVgX4lam7crUTl1GTc1wZ29hCu4z/YMUPOReiGi5qUa48wCaiZQ4+FsDbblw+UnjhYpyXar+GW5jAouguipNMcBOasjD0WCKIKuGDAeOSNYbn5AjKHs=
PRIVATE
* 04/18/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8:30am today and made a panax ginseng and chaga mushroom
tea before standup. Synced with the team about my notes on Friday and
asked when they'd be ready for deploy. Took Leche for a walk up the
hill and came back to deploy the latest API to prod after thumbs up
from James re his smoke test.

Got a text from Mariana that Conga was going to be put down. She was
bleeding again and trembling when walking. This is the third time in
recent memory she's had a medical scare and the vet and Maru decided
it was best for her peace. I'll miss little Congote. Always howled
like Tango to guard the house but whenever she did, she'd sort of jump
up when she'd howl.

Reminds me to be thankful for everyday we have and grateful of the
beautiful life we live.

Threw the ball with Leche a few times today. On lunch break and after
work. She loves the squeeky ball so much. She doesn't want to drop it
on return, even with smelly snacks to eat. She loves trying to stop
the throw before I throw it. Like we're playing soccer or
hockey. Watered the plants after the play session and Leche stuck her
face into the hose's stream. Always funny.

Tested a vendor's and love their responsiveness. The issues I saw
recently were due to the test environment. You need to give them a CC
to get it fast. We'll now it'll be our defacto way to go going
forward. A much nicer architecture too.

In a holding pattern on that work until their engineers reply with
some options I proposed.

Did my pushups sometime in the afternoon.

Went on a walk with Leche and Mariana when she got home. She played
with lots of dogs on her walk. Picked up food from Trader Joes and am
reminded...life is better than that food. It convenient, but not made
for our health and well-being.

<<PRIVATE
849a97bc9035feb8MnpSbACxABAo2F9ZP8LxRD9+X9gBMa5WcQnxjzl82v9k340I0cmlav+JetzgCTyKmeaqjX/ZiXBamZsgB5qomCX1XvuQ1WBn5TtSC3SHIaiqfTowNykCTbyScLd/pseAnwnhmpfWANZtx44+92n3YzJyDNdi/FTLRcpDe0/OREo7cPgTGIEQknfdwk59KZ0xbSLTOpU+C9e6ZMWJAxB6xk4VbyY=
PRIVATE

I made some hot chocolate we got from Chiapas today. Incredible. I
drank it all day. One pad of chocolate in a 12 oz mug I refilled 3
times (with water not with chocolate). Delicious. Substituting dark
chocolate for coffee once in a while seems like a good treat. Once in
a while as in once a month.

Made a big salad for dinner and farted around on the computer while I
ate it (youtube). Deployed a patch for the API and reserved some more
usernames.

Going to bed now. Going to wake up early for a workout, call with my
dad and to eat breakfast with Mariana.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/17/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 9:30am today just before the "Palms Puppy Pack" dog
walk. Only one neighbor and her boyfriend (Heather and Javier) joined
Leche and I on the walk today. Easter Sunday and everyone was busy. We
walked over near the stairs on the west side of overland. A 45min walk
in total. Talked about movies most of the time. Missy the dog and
Leche walked nice together.

I made eggs and mushroom "coffee" (chaga) for breakfast. I ate
leftover peruvian food mixed with rice and lentils for
breakfast. Delicious. Cooked it in skillet since I wasn't sure
leftover ceviche would be good.

Spent the day working on a fun new project. Hopefully will release by
EOW.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Made Ahi Tuna steaks for dinner with rice and cooked spinach. Pretty
fast and easy dinner. Worked on the side project some more.

Through the ball with Leche twice today and took her on a few
walks. Mariana made coffee in the afternoon and I had some. My
caffeiene goals were loose this year and since introducing it I've
been slipping. It's nice but pushups are just as effective if not more
as they get done faster than coffee. Next time I want caffeine, I'll
do pushups.

Going to bed now, though may watch a show with Mariana.

** Notes
https://www.streamingmedia.com/Articles/Editorial/Featured-Articles/How-to-Implement-Low-Latency-HLS-(LL-HLS)-151723.aspx

* 04/16/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 9am today and took Leche on our walk up the hill. We took
the reverse path and loved the fresh perspective. Ran into Kathy,
Jemma and her owner on the way up the hill. Later we saw the kind tall
man who lives in the trailer on overland talking to a neighbor and
said hi. He loves to say how beautiful Leche is everytime he sees her.

We went to Naoum's market to pick up ingredients for breakfast. Eggs,
orange juice, syrup, bacon and mushroom coffee. Made pancakes, bacon,
eggs and coffee when we got back. Made Ania a scrambled egg and two
small pancakes first while the bacon slowly cooked. Made coffee, eggs
and pancakes after. I ate the first pancake. The Tim Caplis test
pancake.

I had a chaga mushroom "coffee" with breakfast than a little coffee
with breakfast too. Got cropping working on Firefox webacam library
before heading to the beach. First, dropped off Leche at the dog day
care. She loves it there. Doesn't hesitate at all to run in and
play. I also scheduled her a swim session there finally. In one month.

Went to Venice and found Mariana, AK and Ania on the beach. Tried to
take Ania to the water with AK taking photos but she didn't want to be
far from her mom. Mariana dug a hole for Ania to sit in. Later she
took a nap under a blanket tied to some waterbottles to make a canopy.

After about an hour we went walking around Venice then back to the car
the head to Win-Dow for lunch. Ate a kale salad, double burger and
fries. We headed back to the house and I went to pick up Leche. When
we got back to the house, Mariana, AK and Ania were on the lawn since
Mariana forgot her keys.

Leche and I went to Naoum's market to pick up an iced coffee for AK
and some chaga tea for us. Really liking that chaga tea. Would love
some more but want to research which ingredients in it do what.

AK and Ania left shortly after and Mariana and I relaxed until 8:30pm
when we got tickets to see "Everything, everywhere, all at once". A
masterpiece of a film. I can't wait to see more of the directors'
work.

We got back to the house and I told some friends and family about the
movie. Brilliant. Took a shower to wash off sand, went to bed where
I'm writing this. Did my 100 pushups earlier in the day before taking
Leche to day care.

* 04/15/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8:15am, went to standup at 9am and took Leche for a late
walk after two chats post standup with the team. Were detailing
different edge cases for an invite flow.

On our walk (at 11am) we ran into neighbor with dog named Missy who
told us about some big stairs we could go on on our dog walk. Will do
it on Sunday.

Reverted old HUD system and tested a new one via an external
vendor. Was not anywhere near the performance they advertised.

Next week I'll prototype the solution we were going to pay the vendor
for just managed in-house.

I forgot to do my pushups but will do double this weekend. Ana Karin
and Ania arrived when Mariana did and we ordered peruvian from
Lonzo's. Ania had a folding baby chair that sat on the table. She
gummed some beef and potatoes.

Stayed up reading more about HUD systems.

** Notes
*** Me
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/14/2022
** Summary

Long day. I woke up at 8:15am and had a bowl of cereal before taking
Leche for our walk up the hill. Got the HUD v3 tested e2e and got it
deployed on dev. Improvements in resource consumption but not latency.

Made gingko biloba tea. Ate leftover casserole for lunch. Juggled 5
loads of laundry throughout the day (new bed sheets for guest room).

After work Simon came over for workout. Did squats, bench, rings,
pushups and empty bar bench. He ate cake before the workout and wasn't
feeling so good midway through the workout.
<<PRIVATE
dbf2db7042ad7363L5zUUB79s2+/PdqmFlX5L4tyYaKG5ydxcFFXgg==
PRIVATE

Had casserole for dinner too and cleaned the kitchen. Mariana started
DEEEP cleaning the house in preparation for Anakarin and her baby's
visit tomorrow. Earlier than expected and without Ponchito but a
welcome visit.

Onboarded Joe and Levy into Glow. Good feedback from both of
them. Gotta make the HUD more reliable and faster.

Took Leche for a walk and took a shower. Will bathe Leche at
Centinella tomorrow after work since Mariana just cleaned the bathroom.

Spent the evening reading about LL-HLS, LHLS and DASH history. Will
read a bit more before sleep maybe.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/13/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and had a slice of pumpkin pie for
breakfast. It was awesome. We got it as a bonus gift from the Marie
Calendar's lady who agreed that Mariana should at least try the
pie. Almost a week went by and no bite, so I ate it. Delicious. Made
some Golden Mao Feng tea with it but only drank half (about 5oz)
because too strong. Made gingko tea after that.

Had standup and synced with James about testing production
build. Confirmed it and pushed.

Took Leche on a walk up the hill. Not as windy today. Nice to not have
to worry about tree branches falling on you.

Pinged external vendor about issues with their SDK, they got back to
me and confirmed no work around. Using their APIs instead which
requires a slight redesign on our part. NBD.

Got the new SVG-based system working end-to-end locally. Nice. Put up
the PRs and did my workout at 6pm. Simon cancelled our surf day so
we'll do workout tomorrow.

Had salmon, rice and zucchini today for late lunch while on call with
Chase. Stomach was feeling better after last night's hot water
bottle. Gave Leche some cottage cheese on her food.

Made ground beef + cream of mushroom + peas + shell pasta for
dinner. Broke the "fish during the week" trend due to poor planning on
my part. Will also break it tomorrow.

Worked on side project for an hour over one focusmate session. Main
API is up and working. Next task is to fetch credentials from session
(not params), add text input form, add a replay view, show who the
logged in user is, log out button, think about streaks.

Going to bed now, been standing too long

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/12/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and took Leche for our walk up the hill. Was
feeling kind of sick all day. Some sort of stomach ache. Mariana felt
fine. We ate the same salmon, rice and zucchini though I had more raw
zucchini while cooking. I also ate a bunch of those oatmeal, cranberry
cookies.

Focused today on the HUD renderer. Got it to a functioning state with
everything but real data. Have a ticket open with vendor about an
issue with their SDK. If they come back with bad news, we'll need a
way to get this data.

Didn't get to play much with Leche today as was focused on the
problem. Had all hands where we demo'd the product for each
other. Feels great.

Fixed a bug I introduced in chat. Need it deployed on
production. Pinged James about getting it out before tomorrow's test.

Didn't feel like I could stomach much today so ate bone broth with
kale in it. Warmed up some white rice and mixed half a can of black
lentils in it. Didn't eat dinner because stomach still hurts.

Marie came over right when Mariana did so they could go to the pottery
studio together. Leche and I walked them and did our night walk
home. I worked on the vendor problem when I got home. Picked up
Mariana a few hours later and Leche played with neighbor dog Odin on
our lawn.

The front porch light is out, will need to replace it.

Did my pushups and boiled some water for a red rubber bag to place on
my stomach as I type these notes in bed. Hoping it feels better by
tomorrow.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
6930699809b710bafOclDV6UCb7rm2GP2LBVgjMDp/rpfNr1dXpN4QGrTC7dluJkM9a7nGZOd4NIXeW8AclRri6M66CSMSY9KfcUmj92xPK9KI+0ywwkRBxRRHJwbc/QAOHNAJiUnY69hQbT1ngpj33VgPR578auQ1tq1lIgBGmkiZ0cSaCw2moB9Arzaff+OgClBi4I+oCwLfJZtVfTWUWi4kor7MiRGkL5RED4xc8t4trXWFCjYePaTWlgy6mOv292Amw+8HOMEH+JTLflOfNiZbMoJR6nl4QOZFhZbPBGJ5dde+T8D20wM4KanB7Z7LeKQJeovUmM5OU07K0nPk/o7YaKRkQdeVOTqad/zbijqxDnFNP4vEXMV9qdgnk64hNRkiRGd6mDbSY2F8qvnJS6YNKjgKVjC33bQQ==
PRIVATE
* 04/11/2022
** Summary

Today started off pretty rough but ended great. Woke up at 8:30am and
made tea for standup at 9am. Declared focus was to figure out the HUD
issues we saw on Friday.

Took Leche on our walk up the hill. Made eggs and toast when we got
back. Leche didn't eat anything until lunch time when I mixed some
white fish and rice into her eggs. She ate it right up.

Figured out what happened on Friday and started down a new
re-write. It's looking freaking great. Some mathy work to do tomorrow
but the POC re-write works.

Caved and made a cup of coffee today. I drank maybe 6oz in total
starting around noon and have been up since (its now 1:30am). Finished
work at 5pm and did my SL 5x5 workout. Did my pushups during the
workout. Loads of alertness with that coffee. It's kind of crazy. Good
to use once in a while. Maybe once a quarter or so? Just start the day
with a workout and drink tea / juice throughout.

Made Maru's chipotle cream salmon with rice and grilled zucchini for
dinner. Delicious.

Tomorrow I'm joining Mariana and her coworkers for "taco tuesday". I
forgot we do our all-hands then. Will see what time they're planning
on meeting, maybe we can meet later in the week.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
***
* 04/10/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 9am today to take Mariana to her appointment. Took a
while to fall asleep, I think because I had hot chocolate with
dessert. Had breakfast with Maru. Six oatmeal cranberry walnut cookies
and gingko biloba tea. Delicious.

Took Mariana to her appointment and waited in the car. Brought my
laptop and read through the dreamy_extension code base and wrote some
notes for home to commit. Mariana was back after an hour and a half or
so and we drove back. Took the dogs for a short walk around the park
and came home to go get lunch at Alma Verde. Mariana ordered beetroot
chiliquiles which was surprisingly good. Maru ordered the "crema del
dia" a cream of sweet potato soup. I guess cream soups are so popular
they'll go be "crema del dia" instea of "sopa del dia".

Ordered a hummus for the table and a pechuga de pollo which took a
while to arrive. Also had a beetroot and apple juice. Everything was
good, just a bit slow.

Went back home and Mariana had her mom measure some points on her
dress while I submitted a PR for the dream_extension project. Took a
short 10min nap with Leche afterward.

We then hit packed the car and hit the road. Picked up gas first and
went to the line. Pretty fast to get back this time though a few spots
of traffic. Felt pretty long though. Maybe because I was tired from
the night before.

Took Leche on a walk when we got back. Did my pushups and made a
protein smoothie. Writing this in bed at 9pm and going to fall asleep
soon.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 04/09/2022
** Summary

I woke up around 9am today and had 3 oatmeal cranberry cookies before
driving Mariana to her dentist appointment. Pretty hot day, so waited
in the car and blocked someones driveway while waiting. Pretty fast
though, Mariana returned and we went to a specialist for her to take
x-ray.

After x-ray, drove back home and took Leche for a walk with us to go
get burritos near the beach. Leche gets really excited on our walks in
Mexico but really anywhere. Ordered five small burritos and ate
four. Ordered an herbal tea from place near the house and drank with
burritos.

We walked around the park after lunch. There were some dancers
practicing a folkloriko style dance with cowboy hats and boots. Some
people using the calesthenics equipment and other walking their dogs
without leash around. We walked back to the house and took the other
dogs for a walk after a chat with Maru.

Mariana went to have her dress altered and I took a short nap as I had
a small headache. Possibly from having caffeine a few days ago.

Incredible nap. 90min but had gotten interrupted by Mariana 45min in
who put Leche in the room. I slept another 20min afer the 90min alarm
then brushed my teeth, shaved and got ready for dinner.

Leo, Julieta, Alex and Raphaela joined us for dinner of tomato +
mozz + basil appetizer and slow cooked lamb + potatoes + bread for
dinner. Delicoius. Had a banana bread and ice cream with hot chocolate
for dessert.

Played with Raphaela for a long time. She climbed the stairs probably
a dozen times so I watched her to make sure she wouldn't fall. We ran
around the house and chased her mom. Flew her as an airplane into her
Dad and Tia Mariana. Threw the ball with Leche for a bit. She had a
good time. Leche got jealous a few times seeing us play with Raphaela
and not her.

After everyone left, I took Leche for a night walk and came up stairs
to go to bed. Wasted maybe an hour drifting on stuff online then wrote
this.

Waking up tomorrow at 9am for Mariana's appointment and will have
lunch in playas afterward before heading back.

* 04/08/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:45am today and took Leche on our morning walk. It was
pretty hot and I chose pants this morning. Later switched into shorts
after the laundry was done. Made some gingko tea and eggs and split
the eggs with Leche.

Made two patches to the new HUD system and tested it. Still issues
rendering it. Used an analyzer tool to make a few other static changes
but didn't seem to help. One more change I can try next week but I
doubt it'll fix the issue.

Ended the work day by fixing a chat bug I saw earlier in the
week. Deployed it.

Made fish and rice lunch. Added some arugula. Blended some frozen
watermelon in water for a cold water drink. It was super hot today. 90
deg I heard. Opened the windows and had fans on until it was too hot
and went with the AC. Took Leche on a walk to get some cold bubbly
water. Mostly because I had ants in my pants from the heat and
scattered thoughts of projects on my mind. That mild anxiety rolled
over into the start of our drive down to TJ. Picked up some mint jelly
for dinner tomorrow and some cash.

Did my pushups before the drive.

Traffic wasn't bad. A bit of congestion about 2 hours south of LA from
what looked like a dead horse in the road. More of the same looking
substance further down the road. Figure it was insulation material
that flew out of someones truck.

Took Leche on a short walk when we got to TJ. She ran to Maru
afterward. A big cookie jar in the kitchen filled with oatmeal
cranberry cookies from Maru's friend. Delicious. Talked with Maru and
Mariana for a while downstairs before coming up here to type this and
go to bed.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/07/2022
** Summary
I went to bed at 3:30 last night and woke up at 8:30am. Fell asleep
around 4 I think. Was working on the HUD deploy and with each
breakthrough came another problem. Resolved to solve the remaining
problem after some sleep.

I had coffee today and the combination of lack of sleep and caffeine
gave me a pretty great focus for most of the day. Great flow of energy
really. Fixed the HUD deploy issue a few hours after standup and took
a late lunch to celebrate. Made a tuna fish sandwich. Mixed the thai
green curry sauce into tuna and put that on white bread with
arugula. Decent. Ate two oranges with it and had a bubbly water.

Synced with Billy at 11am and had a marketing idea I shared. Maybe for
the offsite.

Had a happy hour with Billy and Wolfram at 5pm. Made a beetroot
powder + kale + orange smoothie. Not my best work but okay. Took Leche
on a few walks today. Super hot. Pretty comfortable during sunset
though. Nice cool breeze.

Went to Marie and Roham's place for dinner. We brough a Marie
Calendars pie. Lemon Merange. Marie made almond crusted fried fish and
a potato salad. Delicious. We talked about lucid dreams, anesthesia
and surgeries, living near the ocean and what living in the world will
be like in 80 years.

Took the freeway back home. I'm not sure its much faster than my
route. Nice drive home, listened to a Japanese Breakfast track
(Driving Woman) and a song called "Champion" by Warpain. Nice vibes.

Tooke Leche on a walk when we got home and went to bed where I type
this. Did not do my pushups today. Totally forgot. Pretty wiped now and
can't justify doing them as I'm falling asleep.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/06/2022
** Summary
Writing this log a day late. I stayed up till 3:30am working on the
HUD deployment. Simon came over at 6pm for a workout. We did
stronglift 5x5 program but started with basic mobility stuff.

The HUD deployment had a ridiculous number of false starts (see
notes). Each step forward raised a new issue. At 3:30pm I filled up
gas in the truck. $80. Gas prices are high right now. There is talk of
Gov Gavin Newsom giving Californians gas money this summer. I heard
$400/car up to two cars. That's a lot.

Went to my dentist appointment at 4am. They are pretty efficient. Was
told to floss more and was shown my plaque. Dentist was very
congratulatory of our wedding. Very nice.

Filled up water, 10 gallons, before heading home. Also picked up some
pantry staples from Trader Joes since it was near the water
store. Picked up the Mac & Cheese Mariana loves.

Mariana had Frutti Pepples for dinner. I had a watermelon, orange and
beetroot powder shake with workout and cottage cheese, beef jerky and
roasted edemame for dinner. The "Smart & Final" special.

Did my pushups during the workout.
** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/05/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am today and took Leche for her walk around 9. I
think that first 30min was on the phone. We ran into a few dogs and
Kathy on our way back to the house. Other dogs react to Kathy just
like Leche does.

Got back to the house and decided to fast today. Gave me great focus
though toward the end of the day I started getting more irritable and
less focused. Submitted the new HUD system PRs and smoke tested with
the team. Some issues with the old HUD. Will look into after new
system deployed.

Spent the afternoon preparing to deploy new work. Started it at 4pm,
took a break at 7pm and continued from 8pm-10:30pm when I stopped to
finish tomorrow. Nearly everything deployed except a plugin.

Took Leche to the pet store to pick up new food. Got her three new
squeeky balls and some dental treats for the month. She loves the
store.

We walked to pick up Mariana from studio and Leche was greeting like a
queen. Got a chest rub and a butt scratch at the same time.

Went on our evening walk and came back to have a focusmate call to
solve the last HUD problem of the night. Going to bed now. Have a
dentist appointment tomorrow and will workout with Simon here.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
50c5d99c2c113249RpUZBVmogC9aF/QhKQAcUs9ZPWbkOO6QKWlntkv5vXS5TbzFUo78e4lipY482v44ubfuqnVDckC+QVKHbDpwBVMoGSqapXnAMbTvJsdo9EMNS8jreFDIVhZegyuS/VwAdKzeyhk5IwYsCtPTxu64d7YA1cAnXGp/nsmkK34dSHL8DM7dBsp09r1IEAKh9OIiVLF9rUtUQOPA0D0BcfO8LudQaMN27AUYXpcj6DyshAlmannQvfE0sSpiAXn8c1qvWTP1dJwC2L4RjNqioJ+5EieCORb0UsC/tpE11QHoHualkeGpLPrjHro72gBBtUtLqV0nyctrHggSN8wWdD721qUca7eaofe0vhyFpQYLO97+LSYyx65ENu8AfF3wkBdgF7D9voMQBD7SOvWNhoBok70d7ktMq6ifn+Lgu71wxZr3ZpvuoI6Kjwyo6sxvn+6rmqGNwnOcLaUN3APxaqoIf2pGxUk7EKzpP0wJkH60YVYEGncXvVw3tqphKMCAW4q8lu4aCIqFviW5pUNbzU3oz/Q7/z0J8sbp1BVNBQuYjIL3PvHhkMPK1HD1lWBG0gen8nX9e0Owl/IkqS9O2OwRXFrFjuioa264BswPYTUq+pjbCZlUQyU+H+zIo+p66dHeayQEgfFGKMke6S+s4AgrIjaqDLEcJvOhbjgZyembTFPJnIv99VMtzBGbC8Z/2u7KiLd9AWQoWCoILbRK8VDlSk7WNtJPTcM/VCPcNzf5YyxMCRlsUOYJ2BKPUBXuNqOzRiWfnjJYDMGZP65F9Gya13QDlXNVNOj8gPQ4zSPtbvoR2uqE/HOO6euLQkn64F/i/lRGzx2KsPQef+6HTZvliYr1QECVmeBRMe0Xmk4+rcxUaQWYpAmtkq0p1MLlRimXQv0dnQ0ziTETZV/IcsBOnu96fLYykIwTyKwEKAa3szNbmQIFyxUk16JLJqSS0njkYHuxH4fEcOwyo5puLoynHtZ6GZAShv7X7CCo0qnE1F01uFreMOs3zAx71LsA3tYUQ/5rKgqpMmgCU7wwWoW6BaLMrNU57/8/nsj0B9yaTOaHGIytrMsmFDI53Nl1uE7jl44+4EcksjQY0uiRsT0IW0E3BWuSylle4UCvYi3X0GWlV58po7Slh/wQzz6uqcnnb/xGMgh7hRge7MQkTC9nin27sCIIvW92BVudj5+XC0FRWVNk7KM+BEK3A5aJNI6Oyq1xrpX2dBJKj9NfKOSmr/fBkexDVi0K83MFJH+ijxqrDnjKBtuwt60pdrcbp5dZLhNNhYh7OrjYEhJNos41YDDAQqhd3YY4S6Bms1x1cW17VgKErHTOpplsxKkQyAgixRjx0VIgKy+XTo1ObnFaOpqsv835s8A+4OHyCbMxWl4srF3VDGuRTmyJeMN04MB7TQy8TsyDu5mx3095n4W80g39WCyZ3aEsTNRoPqMEtqCvk2bw7rVCfaLwA5yktjWXSK2/pJsRrQmwyznh1jsbzKKWP8bOVZyDSi2IckTAQ/OuIvBDoNXR2FBe01Ky/8xS1pzWPhxCta3TE+hvFhcnpnTv5N6voZgb0VCxVErW018d0t1r07GQ3SslW9dJp5CWiNiOol5ZIiEXd3XljLXmYm74pBGO/X3WKyy5yps7bm8GyymPYYGc0f50Hb9BwMDG2SO6hIhNF6gvHf/06jCq8BgjLa7Ax4h1XRr4PgV9bJTtyZttYHFMm6EwId9Jbwp90/J/rin7gfk+2Sb8KR/thAxIdoWmO+wTjWK6ecNEEc3OgJAoQSMeU/rVQtQvdylLN5JlGIT5or3CTuVe02RbjovbyP2mvl7nGL/Z5Ce03aSxcLKe3qXK4uUNxKQEzXxKdNQcxTK6VVBUofmUaWwuX6J90B5CUYzLXqOrq1FBm7VOSM4aGQ8MWWCXDSTD7ml32dqNQBbSK6ZqrwSX7JU7Mr/9MWfUHp4765aYQL/gHwxABIjPVMaJX+rv+8GC9lqbETqwO/DBginWQSry+KrQhE7kfieSBZf+Dt+2DEMHzB0MpgAd8PZSetRhpAv6JquW1bEJjwxvo6vpOzP4sdkcgqUhmUtlGfUeQEnv/1CnT0oCtm1GEFR0twk7rMUKVWMLD9+osF5k82oJaIGxU4pknfwphoj21qj3Ow0rAnfQ7GLQhzuCk0ESIJVLrkq3hgNNsN4ITPiph1L1A6+VwBIRUziEKDCFEfwg4XhOAJgIL7H2KZkU3HUA3iCEDQFzIje7G32TS32RgCVBYeIhwSUGre5yRQPYxgMPW6z9v9sco9qzRvVSmbkiVeVM2VX/AVZ4wyvnKDyS4QaGG6+hYNTy+RfQXmjQDuyGo8CZOriztk6OnhT/MNfvIzuOWKbwi/pzaonGxF1adUTOcu/6KgHi/Xy+7hqTug/iNF5BpeiO1tQvAeMTkcWXH6bO1sWsD2IiMGe5ijRrGDGf5exeEliK1s6U7ohLn8Ak8B0l9+pmF1gg5H5f6JAJpDXluuVdSFLrfTJjCvLnjNmexeQAlyBVKEwLG6omy74tVOjzOe2/gIZ1jsF924E1I5UHHYwABOacIQ8WbISSZ/ZAznzsbrKQwBxriniURcwwVofZeDR6ykADTv6zkazOdRuvvAqDjcdK9xbkHEWidfitzM6Ufwo0QwyfoCABkQ+tSpRTZKcI9a9tgoRkaYUDj9+XP3+oLVfId2htO+3mz9k/xdsihfUci13zFvMmWxd83YoCl03+qmWKGTkYymPpOMIVxBqCMxPi9yFZ4g7B6F1/QDf6jltSjA6KI9fh1QSjNAcxcDRKSoFsXR2cDoaFiG2s7afeSr3PpsCi47zH3EhZ2ylT0SppdR2KbiQl9eRAsdkfiDL8xXmkuaQ8mST3LBNzwufIyMG2/q8nkXKumc/8PKaPeE0JRaVGCYKagzrfu/8s5e/pu+hc7NcXkiFBc3EKwcSa9IKs2yuXt6NcxC5WxI8evJIWTPYCdJVKA1Yeb5y7F+FcQgd0VIh32BkLvNUp4TIZLDZZzqltOTst7pNb6Mpp+/JyMz+fxPHUzSfRWtYE8XILBQ06/TfqL6125gAfQPp9MZmekFvTuAf0SAQ9BWdgwymAdSZfMbwgNe/4adtgTd0n1p9Qp4BQHDnko1SO96CHvi4+OClLPz71hEoE2u6r/we7QRyYyeRYPlUdzPbjmgoDOIZDt3qWk5uAf+s3gQzHHNxbZrjFRhyE9OoT0dqz7B+SN3Tb0z7cCEo3mWvpVH5gSYIOpMCIn+5MT0D0GVOubqBFfcwskLWDV/CKWG7xa6BFpnqLs5zMRN8WrWIGYzYxjIFH5bzvsy4W3iMCbOLh/Licy9OOvhcFxPMZM13Foxm2qu4JYbwSFB+Pl56VWqKclnrl3l6UzqzBfmuIX7RrCo5mS8BvBxe5BLiP/11cwyO2jc2dlqQkRC0cyXAxcWk3bVvky1nF3IaQKHJCXOtBw3xoA50ao6EoxImEk3OXNlhgURXteq5uOZyi8pQqWwGShUtfx9J2PxGS4YSkjf5u3Eb6y3pMEdPaYiMfOIA+UFVDHm6Rh0i3Xs1I2vhPwv6FnnTq04Dv4wvl1++QN3EY8Qw9w8fkmyCI+uEc4PwX5Ca5lhWqvO0tnD22BmPWC76LUD4tkJZjsgryW/D7x0iu8fAstLotiZHtwezpHPbvyZ4urnhBSwvnPQIjQ7wc63zlRW6MPClu07WYpbL1pa9PvrECklQ3mLP5vWR1src5quV57m9I0ykBsjlYZSt355p/l1YnYqcEdDh3fLAn/LzoRuYLAF2U3XYCfhbe3j5MZzXDwo9Q5I76rJqfWMUGd0wceZLbG4HWYoacKaDrf6Qx5nqfW2NPF4huHYd7BD9eT6+OhKyiMuvGcfi0wfGI7+xKy5I1V+YMyViqb4Lqck4aKOlvDaAx8nXXBpcw7APs9hyZhcOIr43BGc14LOniN3p4bjFLaY8TF7vhxC2tlahiusdojzgHV70jXfdEnMy5cfhDVQe267Lw3LQq/7ReuaDyvuyHiUGwZub2efgY2PYcbRVAW3S4KToRbqrYd6wDTBphhiDdzOqBrW2K8HZLZKu0pHOpDAU7fJ1TTZt4ODXcgvNqhvPMvVk7qSim6Kyl0ysfZzE+jrI6tgu5WQoArhEFVr10MZtxI+OyTUVGcpS/gn9ahM0QT23jL2VDw//LvnRYwkpevvYyIE3EnfyZ1MJtiOiVohjxLOhheNKpN1VuIfjpgVtLUl5W+xMicXP6FCazpsZxwWseTsSliIOtX+EOfSzPLRDIFJANxFBxbW3JN9VIWgCI0Xj/sAG/i+2mYfuLwy1ib0GSVPtSSYjxRnqIns/ZKfvB3LbtLqY5eTaL12Ps4O7zboq1iMhQ0n0gzj+hAcTAUYpJwf8izcqnmXUbeefsLqTcTZ0lnCuS2uQZN6VsDe1LY8qBvW+rDdRwpdUqMrXiNgKzr3FKJbZjNu2WGUUzycoSnd4YUH6wMXIRhzdnitQ/RFha0VN38l9Il2kTbFSk+0jCre6lwweFdt/fkvfAdApeGLeuOZQMb8LlacSon9C3cMn5RXOVAQynshn/9ShsI4hEZu/eCCMvqqZKQnWuMZdfO8cR2WO2B7vdclACrkF9xDo8aQ5Dx5R450PVBEPrWeNlcXPxQMQ1OtInEkVg5KV48sek6u1oAo6YKck5vlApDWjCen3Wv9ss6lvcXZi+nnTPNu4zsS6rLlYsq9IxAlBqP3227xFJCVO7twZJrDaG6NRRzf7E6WqMCyh+HUOIsrvVl41zCLhFwNgKFN7HFllYiwcmXk85orUsZ5Kq72KgtKNGkHXkRnLAG7UhRe7XiYcIboblgJ7F1T4uCcI4X4vPPitnEHHlM7VGCEW6FrZi3PNUY3AYP4Nz1OX5pt2Y6vZ1M3/Rrp6yC76bB6VsysA++hBbHWmmoTGw8sfIVOkvKWg+DVRJNdRApnHUcMITcBT/KTFUYXpWJCk7g1aD/RSgM+twomfqp8t7bjjmTPhkWJcimTKeMWg3+3tltb4lpJ4tpB3Nkel6yZWMePA0Qj03065Ttz/235WmeGOZWAU41nPETR/DPVFNfmbC2jFwHIjn7k4toPzqnkjvuSsOHS9V8IKPWHgKiMTbWPK0PfUVtXebUOp2U9YKxCedm4m6lAJ19gbdUReiEVvaE/Kq1+MAwy4bpUV268/m4KMRVRa/b7Q0LvqiaboWcjFs9BEmnqQ9rKl2K3MF0DsQA5wqgooyX1fm6ook16/jhTqi+lwo4UttS9Uj0yvNdF+7JpUvvK+zIGCvOFJlGcyipFnglzj660zOpQJ/tJM7NCe5qO8HQqSgTglFcgdPFBbESad5wwMgzS2Mun/LAa+vt6gNhnoy45XdVUUweTQqWDerJTeiGfDH/YAqeIXsVU1Q2Efhy1SzEWDyhWtB9gZjfELrFGuLwrQtJjdf+b+3VNYmlqZuzL6/j1tbb4g3VYyhi30YeTDIvqts/2LIsV2lE3JuEwYdpuOuECTpPK2GFWiIACeQaa3bpjAdtQS20co+FE2hzMCxuojI6TzV8CPPUu97qx1ozZ6w2VFocEXEVU/VJJ4pBRJfKST4d7wyLfQfZ6FMfR2XdNB/0PBcNOS2nx4Oe3t7OiJLDUROTTMv54GenGaa1VhAEtanrm1IA7LMYYwPNYZtYeylwQBIMIHUxCzx61x0JdYmbWKDSuUjpjKn8NBXxvjIcjG5xxSwFB0lV6KUIhEVzpi1gSXRY/VBBzOagclZNe8eXFdUF78RccKGJP/QkcPmSUl888Cnn2YfembaBZStQrGEAyrAhX02yrmmxTwt5j4KJ56ZBZ5IEYKsd4aC2TlrSZNzE2IsTtAaouvh00kbiHpCijCIxn+tFpVXSCqWVFZPVLrso8IrUmTombkfSf9whPFeWxUsiUF6ivMcbJPktWpZB1pVz8sbbMd2exT2W+Nm8/k28zH46+FHkTtVMGjjx5eohiw2LHTosgJ9EtNnDzn6e6LxM6tpoTwX5OZJn8PJUScW0fvuPaIx74ActEDb/wy6IyN4fI3C0ppXRohX6OHS371dDWLwdPmN4A8Y/iHUnlKWktWvr89hGoAMxbeKj+DnO9prnxYDcyCANQ9m2+gPFxMck4pO872Z33bdgIJ9xaLMfWQFi/eH8hpQR+aGt89aple/clZfZfsqJLcJ3DGj70uarrBGCg7AHKPhYppIcOdsGnmNBhcCy1rqv/TNka2RqSlaKt4HXoyCX7ZvepfXs07MJlzffOi8vzCxVwZUQfShRRNHEtBwF+WIbuMkSaRf/Zmb9wQj78Qcq4ntOUcX4x4u6IW2qLjybXrLpfrx3waMWBaEUy+L6cKJn1bcm0jnIN4c+8hhnefQIbFoCkTu/5M1hzyTkHKCQzo7zZ6R5WAKhKOTSENFzI5B2KxJKU+DKnYA5ooPMaKyQwFcELs4CJ2UPKHwFyE8+J+Arm8qUxFC7B+ZSl9sHLu03ER2tJTJRCM7n2EylEzESsPYnw17ytwjeazdv+kX6AQrbVTRqF5ySEMlTGC4EA6+wAOXTdTtBYgcDYKrw9YP71n4cRhfWwlQvlelLxShUPYFSYu5O6DcJVKeWsxeHEgyBIWmrUhbrMz7hPGypsaocOjFz4MH0ShuBGdqx2ikSht9hJLfkD7Rdbp9xllg0TGVvc1iFTKgSED7iudmBNl5d7wxsUcjPE1LA3j9kI82uVupjMX1j1ahKrXWAPvZR9Mi6zsnSd9VoeAYyZFVHnH/c9MfVP0Xu1RnozxSEiZSnJ2Id+GT5Kx5l3NSrn4jec0zAqX9VToI9yxt2TdGj2R1MDNhh1/HfXV/UM7ZFT1KggvWqHMN0aKet3VssQM02HnvVR47yodQlkGCAo9IAcrBgzAPwOPlOYjhcNIw6AsUq8/iSoQp9p5IKHYOu9Pbp+ow6M8lAUDAVhHgezaZwbPhol9wT0ZPA19U/k6/yxoCFCUoRWsut/FnK1z9/mI2a/dhs8qwcrL9W8SRxtgUgMrJhCVOLUM2LTXqtvxR6rYEKqEKCDLOxO6aVyzf65i4j8Q6TR5bBGjMRgNw8mxGyejy8CGbJSCl6T+J/9JlbUbgDWPC02RbcLeiuizjCt9qcpgAxZWBfz+TlzULMl876dtFvaMAa5zPp9OqpZp8LAtUvSz6rV6t14t9aTCukycOOSCkrXt07NpSOrHShJgFoIy1M0QVfICQmF9TXS8LDf68YbbIN7aZQbyJDeskzR8eluXGjrGqxVtV6FEaF4R9qFma4AtVnRWyYdhwwBnMjUq2kmSuRcyLwUUGw0Ucpo8shD7b1wL3nHtxLxl7RQQJ9+2wB3JLsZ75GLJm5qs462EIFV62b0UQVFBGTGez2oF9gobPcC6E86Zyna9vZbpnd1l2hrYITk819OhFt3LMMRiST/tOZlXH++JXBaer4prT2WWoFAjXQaD70+ZTVza+X5SK++PeMZcK/VX2zAXkkJfzKK8gJ8qKmgA4zHd9LdCLvJ22aTHBxJyr7HKW5d0y5dg/ffCJnTGWQ/8SOdCl6mlAYfsfwjSkGAYSMzzxYFQ896nvcWkkxMcpRf5dPyX0BS/rmpXm4BsCkR9ExDtbBCQjiKX7Tu8GCEa6+18G3ZPWMXfHunJBL5Gr3X/FfybyIRgekIPbzc6XeritN0k5wmeDIckY4B54yXWnmokB0WmGLBGW5pgjnKozpGikDt++l+uioSbktIWwyIzWKWb7NnI10JkkAraPXGP037e3/ITemnQrhtA1iTzHeabpY/vcUyZy0DMLWgqmFdGGJtY369df/0HVXF8ZyXBwZs4FL5niP1JGDVegfmIhM16gx4XMxI0F0qEugHCHVdsmjNzmcfpWmVKsZQhXW3RdmwL65DMQsaMk7tuPjOvrOsHxVucuEytyt5LDYWvR8JECUwjAL7EVfiZGXlvseDv1OOoDdhz+fkbqpXeq9GR7ItAqhx4G/Ra5nO1LJi0o9UwTmHfmYIR8FfX5v1SairdDS7hCznlKOEAEKToqaLYixDMpebyqr/Hzm+Y40snpqtCGoRLNlyZcl9DO2pJeyYv0Vy884YLZyos+O3L4H3RHvzNmfs4EleGGcZPkFHXaokQ6uPz7t7lusJjNScqoKnyz/GfOJfQ6pPo0D5WNjY86uolHu83/7IqOfKBeIKI3wvODfG7fzYnoHumLY2D695UCT2hU5p44TyER0YF/4f4wAuiVtPjjf2bkdgj91REUFGPkIJmf9FjuN1V88counEYUvVhvx1xX15F2NKoryIhX2sMNEakoP3rITobeSl2XVWFFYzr7DBEwt99yUxiWC6k81xwRzsqUhv3pwW1X4unyQoNZSUNmCBoYYWzzib9H6utDxDE5nUA7H/ybH+dRHldz9pvSzwCK06mCK5+K4sJKuNoThFV1F6aHi3YZyAcpKAt4LrALIRa+JkJG8s7KJBq7nQmisyksxXAZvyDayFGAZTgRlYBJM+qyhx0mU5o+sw78YtJPSQcKXm32om+v4wdLQ/vVQHAI9/yro5YgjuPIEZpqWdZspTTIoA7iVMfdu2HHJinlAH45WIvbHMK5iAXrc2jgbCxtAhkeN5CGEl0G6BdDZH+5KQ66GJrDLpwfoYYYBLVYwwHR7zclt/maRpunmXgUl/dVIsCXfCUwZyOPsfnEfk7Ogk7k46zq3COOnN/Paz1iOkqPVcPiIWQzv/Wo3UeHXTIhX74ZMQq+GAr83kuBMMbYVm6wfsMvclsePYBLJ/LOI5sKc+sswHKz6HtQpP/QDFx0el9DF9gTGQi23hzz2Cp//tRi/QDil1YfLDTJlD4ArqVf+Q3j/VNetC157YnLE+csWN6lEOHeZl4zun2OhYZt/WcK46vmwJZi7qBhcJofvReRRAFK0022tHec8+U0+emaWfcjX8v86ojx4WYF5DyYdxuSqmTf0UUgZeH7gWkjrLdHfIo+6yPPpLjvGYgTbJOlTHsfy/5A3ObQh2m2JUMq1s/2ZaC6KB9X34Q5rwI7ZEJf5PZBMTX0qtffURWI7KCLa1RjOe4Jbop2PIDOjpuCpvhwXW/W8HfQgtAXKNf+9Mz+mcSE1M9inc2L/MY5vjMdAqZ1qYvyDCxEDIlXO7RAlwW1XD51pNSCQptLakK09OpgcPeyhkoV/U75NIDZ/197U4jh0ZeICJY0BbgBabdxE3z//aQ4i98nC80+/B/h9saeXyyGwaXbwxStHAlZD+3nKkT7ZlBfAy8Y6dNQA086DixX/yStKSRZvONq2dq1wcGD5g4SMrqe20iKtxps/KMvkLIMt0fSKsO+k/4Hg/dTQkvg7vKm+zW+zRNss5PYquW3mMUBd1MYxl3Ot1Aj+gxMIpHlB09jfmVW030ivFGOaRAtYCVXIO1dh3p8x93IzO5H1c/iigUrRDQsrWWEAmvaio1LK8lGrfsEB5KePVeFPC/HSa4ckyDzdd98sh0FBNDcnhEdNN0okm6850lLYqV10UB9ysyrpFoGHSNd1bkmobW7EY/rVjgm/vmopjImmRkRPfLsEGGvlrTpn3fq04ePKJFHNh0pFJ6SINnCIrnri9lQUvPHSX9eetL1bBdKOpyjOeweXgTyAoG+AHUL6eGEX7JBIcpJqdvIWjcxixIXlUsn1dxIWghmQwl2/zg/Z5+VMj2SmEG0YVcDO4c8y3WI7Uq38fUqoX5fgHJKFFTpub4ZgpDsJJTwTbH3xEaDrGBdZ/M7MfVp+16JF5PDVGSShEGTsyDXbFoGnyW84gZ7YA38SWoX+Cwt7tGRKOOeiSgv3u2A27jdOoFzrWq/QE1Cu7uLfJ9FlwNkrrFrxAVBdf+KdIop/HQulbQgbq7a7e4yOJzo7o0nytxW75zW5tOvIlniMaxX/vrdeWEIiurcX4Rn3AfG8CQggrH0nB3batTfniPn8BqKwHmPfYZbM6eMJXQvOElw9tYNWZXVZIxZ1CxLh7xHr9cMiXWc1zpN/f1TWV0raBDyND259iqNIK/cxULPbYg4ktWZzWI0/zAj2TRd54UmnTOB+KKZ2xHrQdR/59gXuwa1R/3f2TufQonXyq1+OORE2g1pos6RPaAUKIka+cR9BhH5NfrUUZtGIjSsYtBJ1DW/NdRBwPiKrCBvc18cXz/dFZcQorz2ArOz7BknWgZixBv+RiRTdXXCyZf3EHU7ejbj3AB0GETSZy7oZLMzKEPKGhQhfaAIYW73cJ3xIoFStpvjYlHzLFGHB1i3Ye/JSAKWcKr0+YkbJ9hZRp3HRfDzyVbkRcLXgjwCiaqOhVIoltQJQY+5YktuoTMv8xlwzRPSm7mAeG7tpzIcmvumvBuwaRBX8DhCpmrEiw1GKGpdptrDHKAp55Lw5FkPvvb5nv2HFsSfNr/hXY6s14Zk4Wp0w6n5YO1Y4v1m9/fwJ5Cix0kQX2W0Gi7STYGJ6UXW4eqnZL6k0z9u5xnbrz/QLRj4uVOdvhDRxPAzpN4nktG8oxSAwjTi5qATjbHXn3eQbTa+de68oJIY6BHtDSvp49diESq2sAv4g+DaVP+HlsdLwaoc6kCVPMXPLZcXmdXYzdD96DbFEp6tzDyN057L+o6jwdm0Z0azkv1MioxlChN/dV4U8vrRoyMtToAwAkl4UAoQKFtmTeuWNkLtxfZ1uqlHb7Lpo5kB1/+BnF1+bAWRfLf5/BEeKvj/BImUfKc9guuVVpAlEzGA7R7ciDeBR5gbw87uRxK8F7TKjmqICVQpDE8D34URDyA/3JVepDqrr/F0yoGEn2z/q4uDnk5+FzvLGG0l61mFwEqkZryiMxQimpNKblTXf7RtUTcMmHcHiq+5vO/ohe5C55tRbturhroo+Kz1g0REgBjDue5lKwRwQUG5DDaIyV8K3q7culnIyqxD5RTWTxn78rgQ/dotRFO1hG7Hxt3gc7TIy1WGz1i84t+rpJx9gcMJMl2dOj933yl5lNwCkZn4A/W7z7DrEPDj9kWMark8miXD83lgzTGN5r8pYxrNakfGYazISWFA49P2zmGugTEJpsc5vW11VTiYIpYlexZOAaJKGWBrxe7VJo5Dx12pHcO5VRI5IftEltAk9vB4TpEJ/4SI+XmFdhPlbOoeXeMEXnpulN4+6nlDeZ5dUTkqTIms8GEQf+10l+bn3LVp70tb9vv2igZ1qolu/pUYT2/4//919mhyL7oLV/n4DPW3oWUJpS3e5MusqH4g1qNxJW+Pzm339PCm80YpQ7ii1DqJw57pialQmIjRoVipJKrq1N/QVI2pMvvKb5gGqm531+mvb3AfNPu4H8VFCZsvgHVyWGbg4BnNVH2/puXXFWvYZsI9g4Pnh1yKerCqgLUoyzLDXMG4M/H8UhRWMX8uJ/SFZNGsSZpD4EKrMMA3BUphK+HPFrRPZQg0ZwmQ9i4lK1lgUFVkDijnMs6QTTFeaZ57KBTwSQh+Dfy/xhoQcCETTb0kNG49uCOGxdJ5+uskkPny+zKd4yVj8DCHPsVX3EbVevYMCcTRnDxVMG3DvWrbi21csCnzc1kCaK9eAp4NToUO2Z9CBL9/43EBqnrWJBLXjQpwjgqCQCv2U/DkjSVI3Gcx18E+6d6iqIZf8cbTDlnT/0mgUu3zL5ekf9jpjUwMLcGemvdDVKwZ+F9S22YvQRs8gafk/HuMJCYZIftoukX4slxEkEElzKxc1ekFhDmqLBDtpyILjU+wN3rEMlGI2WmKmejqkOY6TdjTIUNr8l3TyNWWX4VDiBi7JxyXoCfoJWwJH6CvLYN3x/jRG6fylCgOep7F49CoPDdBwzqzgzxZp/Amu5bHcUIP105xmEKQ8V5vxiHmIF3q+K4i152KYx5Esj1eOg/hlDfqXiXOuDLub0YW72a7pnQ+yblmWE8ftVIyfdIc8G//4fs/quVkCCL/lFHMShglNnIdfg15M9FuRZxqqRBmDgn2fVG3YHYsSgWEzEzYBoXwDlAhifoCS13DtSuwgd89Smkm7ZqoYROo8X6HXxxUxnGAIEoFD66gbIbTXuRHwKVGWYQ/+JHdvTjmqe46kZ1CvEhIeu0fwQ54hv7A431MT8dJg66CFwZQN46Z4703XpdJtKs1F57umEj8ofDGSwx0gERNQJYKoiSMmQJPphWHF9Ll4bGygk6mM9qte0aH6rNUjv2jQZJ0iyfFDELF2K5oSQrTAkhOojikv0uNKiNVpu/F4MP/9+/hUVwIX/WxBA151vQdhHsRuzqdGOQy70z/8teBMIStOTo7U+QjYBVpPQcW7S6cUOL6TeTC+WHskf+ubGS6yrfouMLpzXntp9z4UBpK3EGDkx2vREyjnWBQ1AzWdLbC0g3xE7Z5/nILx3T210szvQeHuUH0TsesrE1dcsdW8EN/2oDyiYFWtwTHDH6QYfY7wW2tjU3o29ZnrVDpTRlrQRSYqWG76HOOBLAxt7QOE9ocrkA/LlpqtDf7dkAhvRt421Cdiksxrpq32MIS1ez22h93vQhegp4kg+2GXS7xs+93HpWO/NxgCEMcp5YuwEUSWqYf1juFoqbrk4YE+c9rRL4sYEDQEvhT442g0FGnPnMoNQosl2aeTe8sVtTD8VhVou7ykzOmjTcR4EHmW7dfvVVHJg6St9zCFGdrbSuu268XcK/OkG5Jn6KolXfhgE5mfL3M1zFCtuk7aK9UnFWLm90dJT0tFWfgCXWnLuEZEssWs52YYTnNWCgg0vn+ilcT+K5P8ifxZzZL/VuWWMZkmZI5qa7nOb5Q0mhXlpWLBOdIO3WsMmqtFrlVI05cVbv6V+njJE2QZIFDKfx1nriXH7TW7b4Nslrw72y/3le331mhew5GKdUXlGWbBoppTbwTgUPXPqHrjk5gVqudCH7BtKUgvvBOFtFtq6cr/o6SMQ1MqM/I12Gd+nHb4wqzbTnovtqjbVU+DbQnRSfgZLPIQTaFsLNDfmRpSFc8ocHy1z1uu/3h4SueRnQB35eLkAUYkqho/WZ62m/Kznmel1FFNH2Cag6fe5VRj8RT1cWYj3Y+pdEypBXP9l2L8mrk7GL2OvyZqr3OMKcZbInqHgiPGJcdvCg04n/VtfctIbYb1Mkye5nKVRZ2655cLUM0OfRZaAJF5oE+pfbmLXo8jXCDczD10Xw1HMogBPAQhjUzs/TrdJOmpj612nhONTTP4pNH339wY8PLUO5xk9E+5dr+IOmuBPqhEHWU8m697TsC5smJkrjaJ3eT8h8ENpY18aFkqQeWoPDFoa0N+FvWAJdmQtMu3vVIcJ4ks7qpn6sOErdrjglSSaWJAJvXXg3KW7v61XFX5eKVSVMRTfRH2RLLYbzr/YXV9mkH5IPuwSyskQV9gXDmThB9x5tJItyVgk+MDt9HerUIXRXjxMbZsQdofw8IS5yio/vIuRUW2IDMpvuYuSdTO58bBNmkC3QU3pVwUsu2iA6c6wLaAmySKTvpXGrtej/wrK/Q2qqN2qhpclxDTmOb2+UDDfBPMkWs/jZpEh7yOz0WIREA/nrXhmQJHsDq9+ZRoRT0M+j+NkKT7wKlB1TUtyCCyoZbQOUfCPo8KaagBQIcs42Vw49O4q6uOqob1ed/B/rIQrONJOqMQXtJeQM/xQHiVpAWLgJVnmMTjEEpX5h8wtJjhH2SUmn0s8lexYzjC+pVA013pXrFCHhgqKiANwbOLiqGv+A4JFSxdE/xvR9NBcl53p4fn68dDN3qGkL3TV44k/NssgwXdNz+dCZoo4kcaodcLf0r97/PYuYmQXzcfyy5lClZFOc82MAhkZv4Qzdv9uMAd7XEBp0KTHyM6i0Vae4N19TfwdBHBaHH/THiEYrSOgCW3RZ5/7HwnbONQR83OV4mSufmEIpkl1G5aOhjI6xFGZ5T6UG69NfHUVobiRghf0lcVBcHDJXKEngE2MfulfkAELYVAw8yEquPS7TRn8aDk4k+q/y9LSbjhHTWHnTiJEOu82EaU7iZuKxNsWfj5MIMbqi29R2M8PqrmJZmOLvvKbMJST78v8rPpo7KT8tpdBsnCLYGCF20BpqemOdnpdRETCRfhhjkvJW1QJj200Irto4Uss9V/gJKdFN9Q5lxqt2iNQZE1LAt8S39cqQJNOnbOuWm9UFeNMoFwu7cjOzB8/FuwLgMmE+R9SGrz0+W6omo8TGvyhbaTiXZquwh14lhjE3jiqGYq06w/D38GI9QPvkuLwKrlk+s7LqCIdZsEQfpgJtkYnt0UzEdzlp6ScU+AElkPaVfNK0AKarw06XZiYkG+nO5AJmUB7RXPon1UF958c2/WayFi0fV1GB/aX+FeKIB7eQT0uTwwW5N6q5tCDYmrKnwtBmS62qmRInkclnxi33EWfLhqqQCewfMBkCrflxuFzVVzjgFiKuRCFFa9ecyXplPZhBC0aAVT+XZ5otMS+3YPtATH0LKT5L+B1+5Z8WhGBOIqrIKb3pnJtZZvSzDHujRtjawL5SXhbi54me2pKEKUKqISN0gpopyFol6s+3B7CbUpQBAqxbulbdL/0VJ/wAMIY0DR7PwjEGXt4iuBZwY86dx5ufY4iNVIwyzo0sUpKL1b8lA1kCyPlNzfNFGmQBfuX4SbSSK0j5mZCQooK4Q7JcstkWLrNJsh44/d6klJK3kpxZbOQf0gPtJsZ7ZM9ATuan3TUgEz03W2b617XrGnD0tl1gXMBgBuoFyRikfppEc5WxPal7qaZQh86qCa/SMd3d2Iu83cbqEuf8meXEx3tKNi0EDk+Yal0D4NIKvLfllcEh+0QNu5E5JhBA+RmvB4Zz0WEJWuuCUyJL29Jyy3oUtIjrH5qRY3gIgvNdaHzLHx84389TbXH77MQIS7asZvz0bLwgTYQ+AEzoHW95bIVotBnKWVpGOB8LY4M1r3KHIiPX/MPjPQ2B6npMdY9L1XKnL34qZR1+yBKXO5albrAwj0Xmet3P/K5bwIaTNMuOrRBllKTsMMWxKvTb6ZLZ2PKphFXH73+4P5BlF+KHyr40n1cCknssolEZHEOSCYdbRsfRgWEyYWRecYfgdkaXwx2MJ7vrOtTbdHbMdsqA8h+7cs55IUnk7SHcC8Rs84T5+BrUCrMGNYvCPvrRJTQQGlNgFffKaqYRyQzPI1JO7JDQdtKM5o/jMR4uuABJaSWZJYLU34X0QLHFqqHotTMP5SGaCF6e9RSiYDxNv1kgcMpLH5DhBIq+Zlb2mEldjrZM++jQTMfpzADlpp8Iv1SRRqB05vpPI2hvE9MDve7ZvgzigNQyAKwKD8HqXvAsI5+D0Z6fiJoK7m3H4DtcS+YESPGeZHGCYtj/e9n2VVds0ansD7sVTqyKoXTlmNieQRilZRnggazhONDfjx9qTCVMpYZIkBfWHA5T/Id1LWpYilUnD6EFaiXskdig7tC2Yga9zayVRF+h5M8TdxVKH1WIu4zbAictSYDZ3xNkJg+U0PUT3TKmy/hcfB0tzHFIziN3IcSqWzGo1c4x655iDuAAx151ScbyV3Er4UYCvpMvfO+3/ptx0sYAQLA+OvqiRfDy6XoXreB4DuRz6/ctiK/xhkYZD9KgnGnVz0ldoeC/ZiIl9JTQO0SDml80rIKriEk76lf968k88RcaUdhsBswP4GjtDha52FgrSHjNRj+AOTsi6c6HLtRs8Oqtt549qWkQq49Okh8QN4eo35hOqXs1G4Lsu04aOWGMscFOBpg9RGx3gy3AKm3+MWf0VjaAexeFSzREkMUB3oYD9w8NZWb3clYl0a2/eDG8nmPp/wB9z2Ik3N0+rJuRDPTD8CVYf4Nxu4oO4oxesCT1cy4k2Hrjp/SXu9RMg97AZ8M2qgWuAvUqepSxYU5zeWzh2FmlDYWagh/tRcksF6EIQZnLj8UDVb5T8XBjl3A9KNO9rm+H3tOMmoSGFdrphNi0uUKphwM1WkoKFNFezXKvq4KHJOXZhaD1/T5zYnL6pWNKUCmCyxEv/pZIqKnwItb1DX7ScVYfjzli+5Gu1ivfjadMGEEnRzhDMQkeBW1OlNbWjGlpDwHNs7GHsod0d7ww+V6Z82hEGF+nMOt5xCCdqGzc+t8lrXh3RjC04ocy6pPfRDr669iEi33fW6ETTnyff0lyoCssOEEPbsYpq4WG7dwmt98WlYpQiWJoJKsmEVlrI1tHIcawqYz2F66AsYzZR75WZtltPaMgilsZXVWbT2ruj/trlRqXomvqRK1Wvry+HCkt0DnpJ+4sz7rmlqZlcoyBSLL7fk2cX1oZEA/XOYHgWrfH/cGjI/xfm/EI44tog0rMiFrK4lhdu3/8k9llzx4Cens6iQ0j7O3Zax7en7Bjg2ZFUbxo5J6XvzGkn6bdtqdaaKIuqm6jwoo2LXblfPCUa+pfTum8gMMcfTIfq6v7Z2Oc8MyV9+c9v/jPAp+IPrXbAVOmkliA4ewC0UzcIT/wwgKWdQgpqUf1RLypj8d7kKoj+DmXXZ3cdWf3QwNA4cqv+xG+TJHWfy8l2amjd0+80uZqoDPR5E1BKuQ6zqJNQi7jdnFhHrYqnA2gt1r43Dni7CGuQdl9J3/htwFtuIJtIhuxT+BJx5f5gzj/uhH6KN7hTGZRfi/FxY1ugXWOEa4tX+MhbCWs9ou9VL1fvvMIfgWMtKJ0WendScQFnwrJpyL9EF0K5FiXkvaL5Yx73GfKyZEbslZw/zAs0eDkbxpRWuPqAcK+rU/XIepk95LRYjhrrjEZBriFHip/Uh0GvuP7cdmjYfk6UDy/Wl+qSdWQ5ioJ8ZAi+V4o4ifDvCGctUZXWX8EKE5LhJuZ97oPpI9SiJn46oih/iSRHe/sWMMc3dlkqPYGQP78n13qwaYSTWR3nwpMgcO8HtWz3z1yEijigDNng/Uw0IFaIASeYYVoGd36WWdvsQLy3DyvjfqQw+ESntpQKXsxnbQaCjaInP9ng91R7vcgr52WNHOmZMuzW9xgvdrwmXFNr4Btdj8DvjtjNS8up/3aLy8L+CJRt5Q8Dv7ZMu8VfIundpsr39nu7UTrxX7ZESJhpWIgCSr1tPDZFv5LMFw1Y7eSzrivibGqNA5vy6I7mGWXhPx704AZ5OM7oQvOXX261Ql8Vi5vq8n7sa2thpsPlgzT7YL8qyKubnqM0rRBlZD33EvV5YL9iuPKDy5KTiuDEpE0K1/u1DUv9KXvPrQs+TtmXAxccVIUbOFEhpYcWEOiqWOk3Xf5O2Om35+GrpRZ6ho6LtCg849y6DN3BgDRqY7QYZ+DNTVPbrQw7nY71Wo3RRh1AnEWK/7rvy5nW6wAvmLkWmwnAU0c7pugMLtY3pH1UJATmHbtFAENZzQ/JNH8MOzc8zz2EbsJpWmAoEjPUKp9xoL3x/wSqf0e0E/YStVfPiJ5jVI/2WTd7h5QNZSHOUAAeW6LMgsyEaqmK1kMZpXqhepZLS3Lg4TqIBNUHCZ8JdvprPOLTM2LT2ccee6J+hUFKI1AaTMBlLJTHtxT9BL7wi9/eVJPg9pqo+QJsxppcnjkt7rIKRqYHw9R7n7QlGUbUh7Biv5eEvSRJEVSONw57ED3kxMNEHPa1rfXTN7CcnDfugpLno3flK2wjDaDnIbybVAO9xZU2LcfpgB3j3op/4akGFbCsQupl6PYCzObbHKvw1TEk
PRIVATE
* 04/04/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am today and made ginkgo biloba tea before
standup. Spent the whole day working on containerizing the new HUD
system. A number of build issues that I'll fix with fresh eyes tomorrow.

Took Leche on our walk after standup. Ate leftover beef and rice for
lunch. Did a SL 5x5 workout after work and pushups. Made salmon, rice,
salad for dinner. Nudged a few wedding guests about their hotel
accomodations. Called registrar's office. Wished Jered a happy birthday.

Spent time after dinner trying to crack the build permissions issue. Have some notes

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/03/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 9:45am just before our weekly "Palms Puppy Pack"
walk. Mariana stayed in bed. Six dogs today and 5 owners. A new lady
named Ellen and her two dogs Phobos and Hitch joined us. We walked
around Cheviot hills and over to the library before heading
back. About an hour I'd say. On the way back I saw there was a pizza
vendor at the farmer's market. Told Mariana about it and we went there
a few hours after I got back from the walk. I ate oatmeal and had some
carmel apple sencha tea for breakfast.

About an hour later we went to the farmer's market. Bought
strawberries, kale, eggs, mexican squash, onions, loaf of sourdough
bread and two small pizzas. I had a potato and chimchuri while Mariana
had the seasonal pear, arugula and gorganzola pizza. Leche stayed at
home and gave us the "how could you" face from the window as we walked
over.

Threw the ball with Leche for a bit and emptied dresser drawers to
give to Mariana. We agreed on her having the drawers so she would use
the staging place for her clothes less. Good excuse for me to go
through my old clothes to get rid of. Have a bag ready but need to go
through closet to get rid of old clothes there too.

Spent the day off and on solving the webm -> mp4 problem for personal
project. Tried several, in-browser solutions (via ffmpeg.js, ffmpeg
wasm) but each path added more constraints. I got it working on the
backend and posting end-to-end. It looks like not all browsers support
video/webm recording (eg: iOS safari supports video/mp4 directly) so
will need to add some more conditions. It also may make sense to
handle the video processing asynchronously. Will look into how
performant that is.

Took Leche to the pet store at 7:30pm only to find out they close at
7pm now on Sundays and not 8pm. Bummer. She was stoked to be at the
store only to have to hop right back in the car.

Hope these arms feel better tomorrow. Will do an OH press SL set
though which shouldn't be too aggitating.

** Notes
*** Me
* 04/02/2022
** Summary

I woke up around 8:30/9am because Mariana couldn't sleep in. We talked
of sleeping in all week but when we got to the weekend, we weren't
tired enough to sleep more than our routine.

I made coffee and scrambled eggs. Had a few sips of mine and decided I
didn't need it and that it was too strong. Poured it out and put away
the breakfast setting. Took Leche for a walk. On the way out she saw
Tilly, Jessica and Travis. We walked up the hill and she poo'd twice.

Back home I drank some of Mariana's coffee because I wanted something
hot. Perhaps should have just made tea because I really didn't need
the coffee. Did a focusmate session and started digging through
twitter docs to figure how to upload media. Apparently their API
doesn't support requests from the browser. Determined to write API to
do the upload. Needed to take a break and move since I was so
caffeinated. Decided to do a SL 5x5.

Before the workout, I made measurements of the new barbell redesign
and called the hardware store to ask if they had PVC in the sizes I
was looking for. After doing the math, layers of PVC would not be a
good binder to the 1" cold rolled steel rod and the 2" outer
pipe. Decided to take apart the bar and fill with cement but after the
workout.

During the workout the gardeners started leafblowing. I paused my
workout and helped Mariana bring her pottery into the garage to avoid
the dust. I did my 100 push ups inside while waiting for them to
finish. Finished my squats and bench after.

Poured the concrete into the dumbell. Used latex gloves to basically
force push it in. Tried to attache some chicken wire to the rod with
metal epoxy so that the cement would have something to grip. It's
curing now and I'll test it tomorrow. While there, I finished the last
concrete dumbell.

Ate chicken and rice soup (the one I made for Leche) and had a bubbly
water. Took a shower and waited for Mariana to shower before going on
walk with Leche. Returned and made that upload API. Didn't crack the
case until lots of trial and error and took a rest to cook
dinner. White rice, ground beef and brussel sprouts in a spicy honey
sauce. I cooked the brussel sprouts in the oven at 400 deg for about
15min. When I took them out to cool the pyrex shattered in my hand as
I placed it on the counter. The temperature difference between the
glass and the countertop must've been severe because it turned to dust
instantly. All brussel sprouts ruined. Leche was already in her crate
so I closed it, swept the kitchen and sent roomba to vaccuum the rest.

I cut up some carrots to replace the sprouts. Remembered we had frozen
peas too. Mixed it all and ate with white rice. Delicious. Took Leche
on her night walk as Mariana finished up her dinner. We agreed to
watch Kung Fu Panda at 10. She studied and I fixed the upload
problem. Will do some code cleanup tomorrow.

Kung Fu Panda was a solid feel good movie. Not so many laughs, just a
good clean narrative. Made some popcorn with the movie. Added franks
red hot wings sauce to it. I prefer just plain old butter popcorn +
salt + nooch. Went to bed where I'm writing this and will write
yesterday's notes which I forgot.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
f55a91558264bd88yUU+JivquLhdUUTCGaWNMOJz6RuzDglpQJDEOwnPx7Gt+T4hz2c5Py18+Ba1IIaWEGPOLFwb+OhUrSGPGDWENRD+34Iz9dEqDKtAZieV1Lmh5ed2JvU7PYFijYbP8kQqyNhwVSy6paFfEKwslr0WkLH1C2xyQjnSS6dVNYjir884B8GS1Bl18yNbJLjC8v799j4Q9acC3hWHSEafTGyZC+YxgmCGe662s+dtKFsYXndOMn1bFhFfeRySgVzgVV1V7kMFCVoHuAGQ0OBb4Yuh8C6AWPzXv3ldj8NK5EZCSUmL17wzMlufflCSA6Lg/9YuabdnINY0AtZ8nR573+M7/CR2L87mXXEuVovlnIutwEM+5e9J+k2fg+yPJwQmD9vK3XBytPCfnWBV0DittDASHTg2vqgRilvhYc0H+jHgMTKGW+EOLvNGIroNNkVYyFlkFYjb1fZhw4w8ITJnqUyAXhckcV8iX7RFVtu1AwV6/krXoJ81e8VE8LlC9mc88lGnahVsYOJPqe1F3wdojpuAYXO0bxSwjVr4WcL1iqzrZIrmeJtPoFQJgs5Clkzs5blLutXdIsPrm9pQY4rx7TzlPij11rUiWH/T5pfg7anMN6OXrsQPqkwgbLpXanbMzOUQA6YB7VZHr88VsQVJX+lSZHmmHuzjim7JOlJW1MSkmuZEFNg3Wpj71FXC2riGj6fKWV9b7CtiYs7uLt0RUGbFLn3brM6qUapPdgDe5ab5QiJxacr3WavX/tr7MrMGuWp7KHLdcsFOELuFE/T95FSxIdYe4Uq6yb7yjNgwbxRQXONJxb/e1xtiY2r4ncXQpHU02n9ZDkcZeeDkaWXeUMYVAgGO73veESIG41c0pY6u0o4y2nqrY3z4CBS/g0K2Aov9yCnbxfP76RxyeKfr+LqrODsbg5yV3cFmGIvOT5CF62VwnunoA6Y+u20DJjFXvdvb061kXWI6y9ydVxg0/4aFeQ6d1SwjWs+gbfvRjwMaPOD1SQ30fI+Ww7JHeTDIJKD7dAjSUgBQJm6yuDswrmqbjIrstM4PQnZrpPwlpgZmS0RoDjqxtnlAzj6nUpwQtKoIsleuvjHs3aQVH2bJUFIDGe4lwc7Qziu0QIXq8TDAOxRpZLWJ4BlDagBu33ZUvmKlbCB6NqQOo1fHIhHaYcQ95PaUKT5TP1f/0aQ0LqkfBmV8drv2hbu7yUt0yEBNUfXXXuyzUkPDa+k5f4E8tL0kQROFSt7eJLSGVXMZdYNnJd27CJinxjgaF+oIv9ZT1Vi2qKHKL3+D7ppkqpntpz+U5WxctYGVgznlRsYPmyyPRZfEJwQ9kzK8RbWMnCJKoxKi6pUObkRe9sjqp1V0OaFCFHCNT6mJER9huVFnnecpGClB8UeEA58x/1Ysr972onejZrhyP2uBssEdVRVWsmdINEgU9ThwfzFth0A/jcwP/L7nnwt3
PRIVATE
* 04/01/2022
** Summary

I was focused on dockerizing the new HUD system today. My attention
was pretty fragmented though. Would let myself get distracted with
twitter or hackernews and would drift out of flow. It wasn't a hard
problem, just tedious. Each test iteration would take some time to
compile and I'd let myself get distracted. Finished in a good state.

We're talking about when our next offsite will be. Likely the week
after our vows ceremony. I didn't do my 100 push ups today. My arms
were absolutely recked from the "juicy juice" cable fly exercises I
did at Simon's gym.

Ordered Thai food for dinner and ate before heading to "The Other Art
Fair" where Moti was exhibiting. Pretty great fair. Prices all over
the map. High and low. Our wristbands gave us a free drink. I gave
mine to Moti and had water. Most artists weren't very pushy though I
could feel the glare of some as I walked passed their booth.

Came home and intended to watch "Kung Fu Panda" but Mariana wanted to
watch something in bed. I tried to convince her that "Looper" was
worth her time but didn't get very far. Fell asleep attempting to
watch it.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/31/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am and went for a run with Leche. Was going to go by
myself but she got out of bed when I went for the door. She wasn't
expecting a run though. The most I got from her was a fast walk. A
gallop at one point but it really felt like for most of the run I was
dragging 50 lbs of dog. We ran a mile, maybe. Over near the usual spot
on Exposition. Walked back.

Focused today on testing the rest of the HUD rewrite proposal. Spec'd
out the changes it'll require and started working on it. A few minor
interrupts for the second set of test users we let in today. Ate
leftover shrimp and zuccini spaghetti for lunch. Threw the ball with
Leche and took her for a walk. Watered the boxed plants with her. One
of the greatest feelings to watch a dog attack a stream of water from
a hose. I remember laughing hard when Jackson used to do it. Now when
Lech does it. It's great. Whole face wet after and she barely drinks
anything. Always huffs a bunch after she's had it.

Got the re-write to a good place and headed over to Simon's for
workout at his gym. Some decent equipment there. No racks but a big
cable machine. Ran 1 mile, did leg press, "juicy juice" lower to upper
cable flys and then 100 pushups

Went to Smart & Final after. Bought too much stuff because I was
hungry. Lots of essentials, they'll get eaten but should we eat a lot
of it? No. Case in point: made frozen battered fish for dinner. What a
ripoff. Fish was mixed and thinned with batter matterial gross. Like I
just ate a bunch of flour. Anyway, don't feel too great after eating 4
of those. It could be that I was eating like an idiot: dried edamame,
some beef jerky, whey protein powder + pb powder shake, la croix. What
was I thinking. Anyway, not too bad. Sleep it it off.

Took a shower and will head to bed after seeing about twitter upload
media API.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/30/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and took Leche for her walk. Made a cup of
ginkgo biloba tea for breakfast. Had standup at 9am and began looking
into the new HUD prototype. A few interrupts took me away from the
problem for a couple of hours. Namely: proposed a change to fix the
app link issue and redeployed several services to support a client at
s3 location.

Got to the HUD problem after lunch. Lunch was the last of the chicken
dumpling soup leftovers. Added some valentina hot sauce. Threw the
ball with Leche before our lunch walk. Had a coworking session with
Chase. A few more focusmate sessions to profile the HUD
problem. Tested a simple change locally to see how it would
perform. Now that I think about it, the test was slightly off. I'll
re-test it in the morning (all segment updates wait for 2
segments. eg: 4 updates for 3 & 4).

Did a SL 5x5 workout after work to clear my head. Less weight on squat
but less rest and with pushups worked in faster. Felt good. Tomorrow
working out with Simon at his gym. No full rack but thinking pyramids
with cable system. Had a whey protein + tescalate + leftover earl grey
tea with workout. Made earl grey tea in the late afternoon and broke
my 2-day streak of no caffeine.

Made a zuccini + shrimp spaghetti for dinner. Pretty good. Was pretty
hungry though. Worked on the HUD problem for a bit after dinner. Did
laundry (still waiting for second load to finish) and am typing
this. Added a simple timer to a side project in the 10min I had left
on a focusmate session.

I will go for a short run in the morning before work.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/29/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30 today and did my SL 5x5 workout at 8am. Mariana left
for work around 8:30am and I finished shortly after. Did my pushups
during. Mixed beatroot powder in water and intended to drink it with
the workout but I couldn't stomach the smell so saved it for smoothy
after workout. Took Leche on a walk after then made smoothy of beet
mixture, protein powder, pb powder, 1.5 frozen banana, 1cup
strawberries. Made some scrambled eggs too and shared them with
Leche. 4 for me, 2 for her.

Had a call with pubnub at 10am. Pretty basic "checking in"
sales/support engineering call to make sure I didn't have any
questions about the product. None yet.

Deployed a patch for Albert and fixed the issue on production HUD that
was stumping us all. Turns out the HLS playlist would play in desktop
safari but not mobile safari which suggested malformed playlist. Ding
ding ding. Fixed it and everything came online.

Smoke test today was pretty solid. A few UX improvements we
discussed. One--an re-ordering of params on an API sequence--I'll pick
up after I look at HUD PR and spec out how we would implement. Outside
in might make most sense.

Ate leftover dumpling soup for lunch and threw the ball with Leche for
a bit before taking her on a walk around the block. She played with
Flika on our walk. Nice and sunny day.

Shared my "Jada Off The Keys" chrome extension and got some good
laughs from friends.

Looked into react-webcam for morning project. Looks like it'll work
but need to figure out why demo isn't prompting for camera access when
i load locally. Deployed to test site, check in the morning.

Scheduled Thursday workout with Simon over at his gym. I may still do
my workout here since we have the equipment I use. Maybe better to use
the morning for other tasks.

Gotta do laundry tomorrow and get more food from grocery. Will throw
the ball more with Leche too before work. She's was itching to play
today.

** Notes
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/28/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8:30am today and made some tea before hopping on standup
call. It rained all night. My walk with Leche had to wait until after
it stopped raining around 11am.

Focused on the internal tools for Danielle and shipped it in the late
afternoon. Should look into making our build and deploy process
faster. Independently.

Called Dad to wish him a happy birthday. Did it on facetime but our
connection was bad and so switched to audio eventually. Great to hear
from him and looking forward to our early morning calls again.

Had a whole chicken slow cooking in water all day (20 hours) and made
a chicken and dumpling soup for dinner. Potatoes, carrots, peas,
shredded chicken in its broth, dumplings on top. Delicious.

Had late lunch with Simon at Simpang in the neighborhood. Such a good
place. Ordered Mie Tek Tek and garlic green beans. I've only had maybe
5 things off their menu (the rendeng is awesome) but I bet the whole
menu is great. Someone got the "festival rice" which was shaped in a
cone and served with an assortment of other main dishes. Going to try
that next time. Walked to Commissary and ordered a matcha. Didn't have
coffee today but did have caffiene. Even after a few weeks of coffee,
I can tell I miss it. Amazing how fast it can creep back in.

Did my pushups after work and took Leche on a few more walks when it
wasn't raining so hard. Wrote a joke Chrome Extension and submitted it
for review. Hopefully chrome team approves it for the store ASAP
because the joke is time dependent.

Going to spend a bit of time on getting twitter auth client setup in
firebase for personal project idea before going to bed.

** Notes
*** Me

- [X] Dad's birthday
- [ ] 100 pushups
- [X] Simon lunch
- [ ] Schedule with matthew, tim
- [ ]
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/27/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 9am to get ready for breakfast at Tia Marta's house with
the cousins. Ate juevos, frijoles, chicharon, nopales, aguacate con
tortilla y queso. Delicioso. Had a large cup of coffee and talked with
Omar for a while about lots of tech philosophy.

Went back home to drop off Maru and take Leche on another short walk
before our drive back. We had picked up gas on the way to Tia Marta's
and so were able to head straight to the border. Pretty quick
line. Took about 3 hours to get home as we stopped to eat In N Out
near Carson City. Had two double doubles protein style and a
fry. Leche got a single beef patty with no salt.

Listened to a few Planet Money and Snacks Daily episodes on the drive
up. Took Leche on a walk when we got back and made the new bed. It's
so comfortable. On the walk, a neighbor asked if we had "seen it"
referring to the Oscars. He showed me the video of Will Smith hitting
Chris Rock and swearing at him. Showed Mariana when we got back from
our walk. We reviewed who won this year's Oscars bet. Mariana won by a
long shot. Don't know how though, we watched the same movies. She
hasn't decided what meal she wants.

We put on Coda, the Apple movie that won best picture. I fell asleep
as it was too late for me to start it.

** Notes
*** Me
Oscars
Mariana - 111111111111
Justin - 1111111

* 03/26/2022
** Summary

Great sleep last night. Went to bed around 11/11:30 I think and got
out of bed at 10. Woke up at 6:30 to talk to Mariana who was getting
ready for errands before heading to Michelle's baby shower.

Took Leche on a walk around the neighborhood and returned to work on
side project. Should do another forecasting session as I feel my
attention and work are being pulled in lots of directions. Not
planning on sharing this project until later in the year but I'm on
track to get a functional MVP done within two months of chipping away
at it at night a few times per week.

I'd like to start talking about my work again more publicly. Work is
nearing a shareable state. Morning club should be my focus as it
creates a "no excuses" framework to do more of what I want to do.

Ate at molleteria near the beach. Leche came with. Saw a 5mo great
dane who was a big softy. Was affraid of Leche.

Walked back to the house and took a nap. Stopped to grab some coffee
for Mariana first. I ordered a herba buena tea. Took a nap for 45min
but extended it to 90min. Slept great. Felt like 6 hours. Got into
REM. Fed Leche her dinner and did my push ups in the kitchen.

Finished up some side project work in bed. Went to Tacos Frances by
myself and ate seis tacos suaderos. Delicious. Maru arrived around
11:30/11:45 and we all chatted until 1:15am. Going to bed
now. Tomorrow we have breakfast with the cousins and tia Marta.

* 03/25/2022
** Summary
Tired today. We slept in the office after setting up our new bed in
our room. The mattress needs to air out for 48 hours before we can
sleep on it. Some mix of the coffee and excitement for the launch
today kept me awake for hours. Eventually gave up and brought the
computer to the kitchen and read about different ways to implement
twitter login. Went to bed around 3:30. Fell asleep around 4.

Woke up around 8:30am and had standup at 9am sitting down at the kitchen
table. Billy was away. I took notes but asked if anyone else wanted to
"drive" the standup. Mike did.

Mattress was scheduled to be picked up at 10:30am but the person
arrived around 11am. Until then, worked with Danielle to get her first
cohort of testers in the app. Needed to deploy a patch to get the
correct SMS message sent to them. Most of my focus today was fielding
questions from her / the test cohort.

Leftover chinese food for lunch. Probably didn't help the
lethargy. After abour 2pm, I started to crash. Managed to get a
feature written to help Danielle onboard new testers.

Did a 5x5 workout at 5pm. Squat, bench, pushups. Gave a boost of
energy. Needed it for the drive down to TJ. Had about 18oz of coffee
today in total. Cutting myself off now. Catching up on sleep and going
back to herbal tea. May have coffee again after wedding vows ceremony.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Packed the bags and was on the road by 7:20ish. Went to Chase to pick
up cash for Mexico wedding deposits (florists, djs, etc). Lots of
traffic today. Projected 3 hours to get to TJ. Was excited to put on
Steely Dan's first album once on the road. The one that starts with Do
It Again ("back..jack...do it again") and Dirty Work. Pretty solid
album but starts stronger. A few great tracks on the drive down. Need
to check screenshots to remember.

Stopped at In N Out about an hour outside of Mexico. Order protein
style burgers and an extra patty for Leche who waited patiently in the
car. She loved it. Inhaled it.

Lots of traffic into Mexico too. Got to Maru's house and did a "quien
es?" for Leche to see if she'd look for her. She did. She'll see her
tomorrow when we pick her up from the airport. Going to sleep now
after a short brain dump of tasks I've been meaning to do.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] tweet
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] workout
- [ ] ping wedding guests about their arrivals
- [ ] emacs, track backspace
- [ ] ios shortcut screenshot song -> tweet
- [ ] encapsulate.me/log.html (the contents of this page are secured with privatize)
- [ ] 24Hourhomepage og images
- [ ] twitter goals
- [X] bed sell
- [ ] mattress sell
- [ ] linkedin announcement when ready for public beta
- [ ] matthew focus session
- [ ] schedule brendan, tim, bruce, thais, tyler, islam focus session?
- [ ] reach out to https://www.bram.us/
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/24/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am today and took Leche for a short walk around the
block. We ran into several dogs (Charlie, Tilly, Daisy & Daisy's
sister) and talked to the dog owners.

Focused most of the day on the HUD problem. Synced with Billy about
the state of the problem and we agreed it was important to focus on
but not "break my back" if we can't figure it out tomorrow. Made lots
of exploratory changes before determining a breaking dependency was
introduced since our last successful build last Thursday. I froze the
releases to that build and we'll use that as base for that system
going forward for the time being.

Bed frame was dropped off today around noonish. Finished the HUD
problem around 430 and put up the PRs before calling it a day. Pinged
Danielle about the invite flow for tomorrow. Will work on getting her
some more tools tomorrow too.

Disassembled our bed and cleaned the room in prep for the new
bed. Took photos for craigslist sale of bed and mattress. One offer
for the bed to pick up tomorrow morning.

I reached out to a coder on twitter who is working on a lucid dream
interface. Offered to help code if there is something to do. She
suggested a few projects that sound cool. She'll send me details in a
week or so. I might not be able to help for some time, depending on
the work involved. Can't divide my attention too much but there are
some creative overlappings with her project and ones I've thought
about (Chrome extension to inject content). Maybe its better to offer
help as a tester so I can devote creative hours outside work to side
project.

Speaking of which, I think I can get a beta done faster than I
anticipated. Might be able to do a fair amount this Saturday. A basic
join, create, interact flow. We'll see.

Made two bricks of ramen with some green curry paste and a can of tuna
mixed in for lunch. Ate some leftover salmon but gave the rest to
Leche. Drank like 5 12oz cans of sparkling water. Spring Thrift? Spin
Juic? Whatever they sell at Trader Joes. The carbonated water + 10%
juice. It's great. Will drink glasses of water tomorrow. Better habit.

Ordered chinese food for dinner in advance of Mariana and I setting up
the bed. Didn't want either of us to be hangry. Built the bed together
but are sleeping on the mattress in the other room as we've got to
give it 48 hours to fill up. Bed looks huge in our room. Looks pretty
comfortable though. I'm waiting to hop on it until after we can sleep
in it.

Approved the tax return the accountant sent me and did my 100 pushups
in the living room. Got pretty sweaty after the mattress
assembly--it's gets really hot in our house, especially in the
summer--so took Leche to walk with me to 7/11 for more sparkling
water. Ran into Sam & Elle on the way and ran back around the house to
pick up the screen protector I offered Sam and their old
tupperware. Leche played with Ziggy for a bit. Ran into them again on
the walk back from 7/11.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] tweet
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] accountant
- [X] rsvp bruce
- [X] bed setup
- [X] mariana: oregon family yes to shuttle
- [ ] ping wedding guests about their arrivals
- [ ] workout
- [ ] bed sell
- [ ] mattress sell
- [ ] linkedin announcement when ready for public beta
- [ ] matthew focus session
- [ ] schedule brendan, tim, bruce, thais, tyler, islam focus session?
- [ ] reach out to https://www.bram.us/

<<PRIVATE
f145505d70735179lQgh1mGYkL/bfl9aGwVZ37THm7yLBsbQ6hTcPL8+/5rkgsJqpHm3YreNy8oxMWumK/5QqGNql1bbOY5QUMy9J24SnRpOxerUxEMOBRNGpfWO+kPLE0a69WSe/qJt5GB6DU1oHLTl53rwqIBCMXw5q+aQxInLqspQ+Zvuc+iS5EWTx+AcnnI+E0wneBJWE1V/wN99nYMRoO7GeIW4Da9lqvdnrf40Ze84O0KZhFZc1jSk3/wT8RPTVnIjFs1BX8aR5K/f88PCyC21WWuuJIxOIgGDcAKyGlsQ1Mp6jRtE93+xc0gQ3Pa8E+ymEdUOetl2odYbLKLQ7XKap8FgSF4FAi26EG6Ab555
PRIVATE
* 03/23/2022
** Summary
Long day. Woke up at 8:30am and had leftover coffee before
standup. Took Leche on our morning walk and made quick eggs when we
came back.

Did a lot of small tasks at work today (updated waitlist sms, reserved
popular usernames, debugged start issue James called out (it was
permissions issue in an external system)) before spending the bulk of
the day looking into puppeteer failures. Lots of notes, will continue
looking into tomorrow.

Picked up my resized wedding ring at 4:45 got there by 5:30. Rush hour
traffic. Ring fits great now. Will use the string ring for workouts
maybe.

Made a psuedo gumbo for dinner: 5 cloves garlic, 2 red bell pepper, 1
can black eyed peas, 2-4 cups kale, 2-4 cups shrimp, 2-4 cups water +
chicken boulion, handful of brown rice. Delicious. Watched some
unnecessary 15min youtube video on WeWork. Learned nothing. Deployed a
few more diagnositcs for the puppeteer problem, advanced my
understanding of the problem a bit. Have a hypothesis for tomorrow.

Brain is fried. Went for a double lap walk with Mariana and
Leche. Came home, did 100 pushups and went to bed where I write this.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [ ] book camping
  - [ ] lake cuchama?
- [ ] beach day April 9th?
- [ ] https://typefully.com
- [ ]
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/22/2022
** Summary

The strategy to set the "last alarm" at 8:30am worked great. Took
Leche on a walk before 9am and returned to help Albert setup his
system so he can do website deploys. Added production pubnub keys and
merged the maintenance mode feature. Deployed version 0.19.2 of the
API and did our testing at 12:15pm.

We're ready to invite folks later this week. Slow invite. Created the
account for the apple reviewer to test the app. Worked on the public
username problem after lunch. Had salmon, veggies and rice for lunch
and finished Mariana's leftover ropa vieja from the weekend. Oops...or
was it from last week? Anyway, delicious. Gave Leche some fish with
her food and took her for a walk.

Finished the public username problem and finished the work day with a
walk with Leche.

Did my 5x5 workout: squat + pushups, oh press, deadlift. Mariana came
home while on my last set of oh press. Finished up and Leche and I
walked her to ceramics studio.

Cooked some kale, mushrooms and shrimp separately and ate
together. Delicious.

Furthered a feature in side project, then picked up Mariana from
studio with Leche.

Took a shower, brushed teeth and am going to bed now.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] workout
- [ ] book camping
- [ ] beach day April 9th?
- [ ]

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/21/2022
** Summary
Woke up late, not a good start to the day. Kinda embarrassed I showed
up to standup 3min late too. Gross. Will start winding back my clock
30 min each week. Simple, slow progress.

Finished the maintenance mode work from Friday. Works super smooth
now. During lunch, I tested an app called "Walkie". A real-time, talk
with strangers around the world app. Pretty active user base. I posted
a test question: "What do you think of 24HourHomepage.com ?" and then
made myself available for a call. Someone hopped on a call, bought
some time on the project and gave some feedback. Incredible.

At lunch, threw the ball with Leche for a bit in the drive way. Threw in the
direction of the car port this time. Throwing the ball on top of the
car port to have it fall off the other side confuses her for a bit but
she gets it. She only chases it after she sees it fall though.

Had leftover salmon, rice and vegetables for lunch. Mariana was right,
the veggies she ate (second batch) were pretty coconut-y. No more
cooking with coconut oil (expect for maybe popcorn).

I did my pushups earlier in the day. I think after lunch but I
forget. Worked on three other small issues after lunch, two of which
were paired in the same PR. Started a fourth but had to end the work
day and drop off boxes at USPS before they closed at 6pm. Went to
Apple store in Century City mall to recycle old devices.

Ate salmon and rice for dinner and cooked up some pre-chopped kale
(sauteed in coconut oil). Mariana ate Trader Joe's frozen hatch chile
mac & cheese. I had a few lemon bubbly waters today, some almonds,
some cashews, an orange and a package of raspberries. Spread out
throughout the day.

Made coffee in the morning which fueled much of the day. I'm extending
my "coffee during covid" by another week, though will prefer earl grey
and only if I don't exercise as that's a more sustaining source. My
legs are still raw from the workout on saturday but they feel
great. Will do another lift tomorrow morning.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [ ] workout
- [X] boxes at usps
- [X] recycle old electronics
- [ ] Silly string (from that chat app, Walkie)
  - [ ] "buy more" and not "Join now" once logged in
  - [ ] confusion on the affiliate link vs joining link
  - [ ] more about the project link
  - [ ] TODO: only one link on front page
<<PRIVATE
e49e7511addb8007mishOckCCSzBXOrehmsp/U1e9D6AQMmnHKh7OIaPNyDzFOFbPzqaxOLdK1ikEKpAgQQJHRUeQqFUSMQ9gVT7ikoyR5Kv2YMFL7aGNb9eM/TdLBoBbtlVfHiUqGvItSYs1WwAEhhxslRyFh4m9935je5KW51tzMA4dO4mAzmlZM/VpNgS30htsgE6s+hF1iHFtjxAemVN75DCQf262flH/7o+f0ZP8GpESZwIJhr3LKmPB0DpKlb5KQrzXoJ/aFhXLMOEtPOHiWJyGK79YLEj61pXaXHTJs3CzJw0CetGqKFnMN+THx7I9QZF1u38yVfOIizVvHzZIPrnT4llM0+JPmuRTegx1PnQAmJZtqigE0Pk6dkAR9PtfUQxPZUgjaw2NtcPozhap29yTn5JrjzqjsKN5/NKxmCyEEeHqOmMFkYlDJUGNe3iLd+EyNCWGrkBiRNOSJp/BFe8hSlDHDS8z+JPhZQNSDG8VztJmoS7HzIciAQtegpy1FmSTI/StxuE+WRkPCkPlykaYaf8JE+Mud2MrM6VfrbUw0ujCEsxcZ+wSLc4nJcC1D72BwNwUUVBKlH5dk9dqC8mXQ3/k6SB1CHDp+bCI0Ud4CW6EYnY3VhUKGc5elha7vAVcTfm17Z79FpKNmw43Bvk6RVLOpmdh3y9tsaUa8Dxa9NqjTtWrWwHlRSyuGFXO405k+/VqA7Yc/ZrR0eKvJDnG45HTT97yMiC+v6FNYCPyIE18F2JAXM=
PRIVATE
* 03/20/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 9:10am and got took Leche on our "Palms Puppy Pack" walk
with our neighbors at 10am. Smaller turn out today, 4 dogs in
total. We walked up near Cheviot Hills and eventually ran into another
dog and her owner (Millie and Mike?) who joined us for part of the
walk. We walked back home. Mariana went to Comissary to meet Moti and
I went to drop off Leche, pick up wallet and bottle of wine for Moti
form our wedding.

Went back to Comissary and ordered an "All American" burrito with a
matcha and an iced latte for Mariana. Moti made banana nut bread
cupcakes which I ate as a dessert. Delicious.

We talked about Moti's upcoming art show and different sales ideas. I
mentioned she should read the "little red book of sales" I have and
meant to give it to her when she came over. Forgot and will give to
Mariana for her to drop off. We walked back to the house through the
farmer's market and noted some details of the booths. Moti came over
to pick up a stool she will borrow for her booth.

Mariana and I went to Casper showroom to buy our new bed. We said we'd
get a new bed once we were married and we went for the same model we
slept on at The Phoeix Hotel. Great sleep those days. Got fancy
pillows and sheets too. Came home and ordered a bed frame. Bed arrives
on Thursday, we'll assemble it then. I'll sell our bed and mattress
before this weekend.

Threw the ball with Leche for a bit and took her for a walk. Tended to
the garden and repotted the money tree Jessica and Travis gave us as a
wedding gift. It's staying in the same small pot that used to carry my
bonsai I tried to grow on the roof in SF. Also has those rocks we took
from the hotel grounds. Added more soil to all the pots and fertilizer
to the lemon tree. Nailed four sticks into the sides of the strawberry
box to drape a bird net over in hops to keep the squirrels out. Will
do the same for the blueberry once its fertilizer arrives.

Going to cook prep salmon, zuccini and rice for a few meals this
week. Will work on a feature for the small side project. Big week this
week as we'll be inviting folks into the new product (and can finally
start telling people about it).

* 03/19/2022
** Summary
Quarantine is over today. Can start working out again. Did a 5x5
(squat, bench, dips) with pushups mixed in. Started with 10 min of
jump rope. Felt great to move.

Sent acocuntant some details of 2021 earnings/losses and worked on a
design for side project. I think I found a good scoping and name for
it. Going to work on it more tomorrow.

Made ramen cooked in chicken boullion broth and added leftover ground
turkey mushroom basil mix. Added two boiled eggs that were slightly
too boiled. We ate it in a new ramen bowl Mariana threw. It has little
chopstick holder cutout and hole.

We watched "Good Time" a movie with Robert Pattinson (lol Patton
Robertson?). What a tense story. Well done. Mariana recognized the
brother as the politician in Licorice Pizza. Apparently he was the
director too. Oneohtrix Point Never did the score which was pretty
uneasy for a lot of scenes. The opening 10-20min especially.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] workout
- [X] laundry
- [X] groceries
- [X] water
- [X] accountant
- [ ] side project
 - [ ] FTUX -- constrain the product, set goals for growth
 - [ ] how does this influence MVP
 - [ ] Write a buuuuuunch of template marketing
 - [ ]
* 03/18/2022
** Summary
Another night of little sleep. I drank some "extra sleepy time" tea
(valerian root) before bed and actually nodded off until Leche barked
and woke me up. I took her outside so she could inspect the
sound. Sprinklers.

Woke up at 8:45am and hopped on standup call at 9am. Took Leche for a
walk up the hill and came back to make a protein smoothie (whey
powder, pb powder, beet root powder, banana) for breakfast. Did 4
focusmate calls today, two of them with a new LI connection Linda H. A
community builder with over 6100 sessions. She also used a standing
desk treadmill. We connected on LI and she recommeded I reach out to a
few other folks.

I finished a first pass at the MMP solution, patched the waitlist api
to require email and deployed the latest patch. Ate ramen with mixed
in picadillo and a can of tuna cooked in beef bone broth for
lunch. Good but not great. Got pretty tired after lunch. Threw the
ball with Leche a bit before heading back to the MMP problem.

Got kinda fried by EOD and short tempered. Ordered Pasta Sisters for
dinner. Chicken milanesa and some of Mariana's pesto pasta. We also
ordered a gorganzola gnocci. Not for me.

Did my pushups before heading to bed.

Stayed in bed for the last 90 minutes on my computer mindlessly
surfing. Including watching an episode of Mythic Quest. Not my kind of
humor, kinda predictable. Going to watch "Frequently Asked Questions
About Time Travel" before sleep.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] accountant
- [X] 100 pushups
- [ ] add "published stories" view to 24HourHomepage
- [ ] send email to all guests to confirm hotel when they know
  - [ ] jason
  - [ ] jered & jacqueline
  - [ ] marlaine
  - [ ] jacob
  - [ ] claudia & servando
  - [ ] jon & eve
  - [ ] kevin
- [ ] ping mona about driving, arrival times
- [X] call SF registrar office
  - [ ] call back in two weeks
- [ ] https://paranoidvalueinvestor.substack.com/p/im-too-risk-adverse-for-index-investing?s=r

*** Glow
- [X] add email
- [X] deploy 0.19.1
- [-] mobile integration to maintenance mode
  - [X] first pass
  - [ ] move PubNubProvider up top
  - [ ] register message handler in MM provider which sits under pubnub

- [ ] statemachine of start flow

* 03/17/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am today and took Leche on our walk up the hill. We
ran into Kathy but didn't stop and chat because we still have a few
days of quarantine. Sleep wasn't much better last night. I'm pretty
sure it's the caffiene that has slipped back into my diet during this
COVID + no exercise quarantine. No caffeine tomorrow.

Finished the maintenance mode feature, chatted with James about an
endpoint he needs, built it and shipped the lastest backend. An issue
with resource sizing on development I'll need to address. The HUD
feels good enough for launch, looking to get more feedback from users.

Had leftover picadillo for lunch and made Ahi Tuna + sauteed peppers
and onions for dinner (with white rice). Did my 100 push ups and
investigated how long it would take to write an extension to let me
inject a button in the twitter tweet composer which when pressed will
take a photo using the webcam and prepare the tweet. I was thinking it
would be a great interface for a "sunrise tweet club" but definitely
not worth the time to build.

Threw the ball with Leche after work and took her on a couple walks
today. Going to take her on one now before heading to bed.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [ ] add "published stories" view to 24HourHomepage
- [ ] send email to all guests to confirm hotel when they know
  - [ ] jason
  - [ ] jered & jacqueline
  - [ ] marlaine
  - [ ] jacob
  - [ ] claudia & servando
  - [ ] jon & eve
  - [ ] kevin
- [X] ping mona about driving, arrival times
- [ ] call SF registrar office

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/16/2022
** Summary

I woke up pretty late today too. Wrestled with sleep last night as it
was kinda hot in our room. My goal to wake up before sunrise every
weekday is severely slipping. Without being able to workout in early
morning, I need a different motivator to wake up that early. I keep
thinking about making some sort of "sunrise club". Some social
accountability system for waking up early in the morning. Something
like https://proofofself.care but for waking up early.

Made standup at 9am and noted the problems I worked on yesterday. That
I was tackling the HUD problems today. Took Leche on our walk up the
hill after standup. Added a PR I think will address the majority of
the issues. Will deploy that tomorrow. The rest of the day I focused
on the admin UI.

Ordered from Win-Dow to have lunch on the deck with Mariana. She got
fried chicken sandwich and fries and lemonade, I got a kale salad with
a soft boiled egg and piece of fried chicken on it. Leche shared some
of the fries and sat in the sun on the steps.

Posted privatize on HN today and made it to the front page. As high as
#18 for a minute before dropping down a few hours later. About half a
dozen comments from people. All pretty thoughtful. Added several TODOs
to the repo.

Had a several--maybe 6--focusmate calls. One at 1:30 was with Johnny,
a guy I met on focusmate last summer who was a big fan of
24HourHomepage. He's working on a new app I'm excited to try out. Put
him on our beta list too.

Had to end the call early as I forgot about weekly call with
Chase. Hopped on that call and we both chat about our work. He's
focused on hiring and talked about how he thinks about hiring. Spikes
in skillset can offset other areas. Made me think of the github
contributation graph. It clicked today that I've been embracing the
COVID lockdown hard as my bushy beard stood out in the call. I think
if I give it a few more days Mariana will start tugging on it to tell
me to cut it.

My focus that session was to set up a basic paginator in redux. Chase
called out I should just use new-react style via hooks. Sent an
article which was fit perfectly. After the session though, I realized
a paginated interface is probably overkill for launch and we just need
the big red buttons so I started to add those. We agreed to make the
call a regular one which is awesome. Should do this with more of my
friends.

Ended up working kinda late because the dang sun stays up so
long. Haven't adjusted fully to DST. Took Leche on a few walks with
Mariana today.

Had leftover picadillo and rice for dinner. Mariana is right, eating
it with toritillas from Tijuana would be so much better. Beans would
be good too.

Took Leche on her night walk with Mariana. Leche was super riled
up. We threw the ball in the drive way for a bit and played inside
after work but she was really riled up anyway. Will be nice to take
her to the park where she can run around.

Did my pushups and made some tea then headed to bed where I typed this.

Pretty good day. Tonight I'm cracking a window and turning on the fan
in hopes of better sleep.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [ ] add "published stories" view to 24HourHomepage
- [ ] send email to all guests to confirm hotel when they know
- [ ] ping mona about driving, arrival times
- [ ] call SF registrar office

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/15/2022
** Summary

I woke up pretty late today at 9:10am and took Leche on our walk up
the hill. We went took the stairs short cut at the top of the hill. We
stopped taking that path some time ago after rain water got trapped at
the foot of the stairs. It's kind of a grimey path too but I enjoy
running up the short steps with Leche.

Spent the first 90min or so of the work day debugging a pubsub issue
with Torin. Ended up being a mobile configuration error. Several bugs
surfaced in our smoke testing today. Most related to the deploy I made
yesterday which had some silent edge cases. Fixed a large portion of
them today and also fielded some research questions from Billy and
Torin about how the HUD experience could be improved.

Mariana took Leche for a walk while I was on the smoke test
call. After work we all threw the ball for a bit in the driveway.

Went to drop off some post-cards. On the way saw a digital license
plate for the first time. The Islamic center was near the postal box
was hosting some event that served food. No signs but it reminded me
of my elementary school fairs that were held on the playground every
year. Never crossed my mind that they were school fundraisers because
I loved them so much.

Ran into neighbor Neil who talked about how taking excessive amounds
of vitamin D could have noticeable COVID recovery effects. Lots of
research on the benefits of large dose--as in 1e6 IU--vitamin d
supplementation. We've been taking a vitamin d supplement (5000 IU
cholecalciferol from lanolin) daily for the past few days. Hadn't
supplemented with it as I figured getting a little sunlight daily is
enough. Apparently we produce 10-25K IU daily with "adequate
sunlight". Lots of noisy research out there. Blah blah blah, what is
the dose that makes us feel better in the long run?

Conga had a bit of a scare today. She threw up a lot of blood and Maru
took her to the vet. Vet thinks it is an ulcer and not a tumor and so
is staying there overnight.

Intended to make a "picadillo saltado" for dinner since I thought we
had most of the peruvian ingredients. We didn't have beef loin but
ground beef instead. Hence "picadillo" and not "lomo". I forgot I
threw out the aji amarillo paste weeks ago because it went bad. Made a
picadillo of half a read onion, 8 or so small peeled red potatoes, 6
small carrots chopped, 28oz fire roasted tomatoes, 2lbs ground beef
simmered with an ancho and a pasillo chile. It was okay. Need to eat
some vegetables for the next few days.

Did my pushups after Mariana, Leche and me did our night walk and
while I boiled water for tea.

Winding down the night with a focusmate session while I write this on
the walking tredmill. Mariana is reading on her ipad, getting ready to
study for her exam in a few months.

I'm thinking about different forms my new side project could grow
into. Also pulled into growing 24HourHomepage more diligently. I
reached out to Kevin the founder of stumbled.to about buying
advertising on his project. He replied and offered free ad space
because he loves the site. That's great! I should do a big sprint to
reach out to loads more entrepreurial projects that offer
advertising. Break it down into several sessions: build list of
potential advertisers one week, reach out to all of them the next
week.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] send email to all guests to confirm hotel when they know
- [ ] ping mona about driving, arrival times
- [X] ad for stumbled
- [ ] call SF registrar office

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/14/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am today and made earl grey tea before hopping on
standup call. We're nearly ready to invite closed beta in. Took Leche
on our walk up the hill afterward.

Made eggs and coffee when we got back. I'm giving myself a coffee
excuse since I can't exercise for a few more days until COVID symptoms
diminish. My energy is perfectly find. Have a bit of a horse voice
though. Not sure if its because I'm not talking often or because

Focused on writing a frontend to internal APIs today.

Mariana ordered a lemon pie in honor of pi day. She didn't know that
existed but we enjoyed the excuse.

Threw the ball with Leche after work and took her on a few walks. Ate
the rest of the chicken and dumpling soup for lunch and
dinner. Mariana had mac and cheese and watched a movie.

Spent some time upgrading my home machine this evening. Longer than I
would've liked. Haven't adjusted to daylight savings time yet but
figure I'll sleep great tomorrow.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] send email to all guests to confirm hotel when they know
- [ ] ping mona about driving, arrival times
- [ ] https://codingweekmarketingweek.com/

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/13/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 10am to Neil, my neighbor, calling me to remind us about
the Palms Puppy Pack, our neighborhood dog walking group. I sent him a
text reminding him that we're quarantining until next weekend. He
texted me that he had an idea for how to feel better but as we aren't
feeling very bad, I thanked him and told him we'd reach out if we felt
worse.

Made two fried eggs for Mariana and six scrambled eggs for me to split
with Leche. I also made a pot of Chemex coffee to eat with
breakfast. Had less than 8oz in total.

Took Leche on her walk up the hill. Came back and cleaned up the
garden while Mariana threw some "bud pots" for the vows ceremony this
summer.

Made a chicken and dumpling soup in the slow cooker today. Used two
small leeks from the garden in it. Just realizing now, I forgot to add
frozen peas I wanted to. It was delicious anyway. Mariana loved it.

Still in our COVID binge phase, Mariana and I watched "House of Gucci"
then later on, one episode of Joe Pera. I worked on side project but
only slightly focused. Now have two parallel WIP features I should
build.

* 03/12/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 9:30am today and still felt a bit sick. Congested, not as
flemy or lethargic. I made scrambled eggs for me and Leche and
microwave brown sugar oatmeal for Mariana. Leche was pretty anxious to
go out but we waited until Mariana was off the phone and ate her meal
before taking her on a walk.

On the walk, about a block and a half from the house, we found a
standing-desk system to add to a standard office desk on the side of
the road. Mariana flipped and took it home. Leche and I kept
walking. We kept our distance from anyone we passed and wore our thick
mask.

I worked on a side project for about 2 1-hour long sessions. Fixed a
bug in rendering this log at encapsulate.me/log wherein the encrypted
PRIVATE'ized text would be displayed and not filtered.

Threw the ball with Leche a few times. Watched the rest of The
Afterparty and after Mariana threw some jars for the summer wedding,
PTA's new film Licorice Pizza. Pretty charming.

Leche came down from the couch to lie on the ground with me and watch
the movie. Tomorrow I'll work more on the project, clean the garden
and make a chicken and dumpling soup.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Throw ball with Leche
- [ ] Work on side project (code)
- [ ] Clean garden
- [X] Parse PRIVATE in log
- [ ] Plan new garden
  - [ ] lavender
  - [ ] lemon verbina
  - [ ] thyme
  - [ ] cilantro
  - [ ] garlic
  - [ ] mexican oregano
  - [ ] echinacea
  - [ ] sage
<<PRIVATE
fb762efaa93d3db0J8xL2YWXzbXO8aCkYYuiBkMjWKnDAzYc0zHVrg0jGX8c6CIKHlDRemAklSQoA8q+4mM2SJ0PH79T1WhgcYGGNuM3UsWR2B5lTaIgTlm8R542Q20SEBZcXAvRGcuSJvD8v922/AKCI7PfY+PWlY2zrISD0UAPqADp75jJawWCzkGDEZMd6tHC+JV+h3lsyaIMOYIP9iSmIw6Sj+BIUrABtq0V8436m4dhbsBDhTZTWbkkIblcW6+huSj8rzN/EelQu4fKs9tyrHEOn1djB8SNyZqG2/O1mYIqtX3rHi5yrET8CVFO8qAX2Trjdh3ZC4p3iJsS3V2P+PU8tJtogLUMQoxRYb5W8eUrggE+lwP11XWUvIfE+JP/SFLPCQO4/rwQ2jPfCpzZ4vLZbMQEPWKvCrATky3B0f9ZGSjC03jKknOGWsFtXkoQwL/eP2HKYD8adJPfHqzvtJDbPPD3eeTns2NErW4S112H8mEW/ceUNqe3SMjPLDb6Ni5DdSiQQINXsxKka2r+lxDdCRiZMemInJOyMsJyJvkEiQJI6G6IiJZyTyem6XXjwVB724yn8ISn2H98W+Z94dZ7zO8T+qzgHu8VcUYzgXJZRqUL6fidLGEA4nEodopXNBZsFzVGgaKo0C5pNjJIcymeRoVt+lrl617SF61Z5qUYYnD91Is2YevXI1H5cLXOv2UXLGcS4YL37wAhYP1i6H4E/TS4IK9/CVkutXzMRgxVH593d194uKPOvQEOfw4wwrdRAIymoE1WTPQTWLrLTezXHfy5juWu6tyEpM6GpkgrV75R+M6jpQh33g2jzEPuwAd4/fmXbNRef8C9D7Rfo3S2M1MODQ3NtrXeD2yYAumqRYIbe+b5FBk3u/RgHCMHD/SEEcg3Vf0appolq5LXG9MVGaHZCd6DUP/OKN7r30OVyAiG6AkuugmN63Fd/tIZsNZeX5nbOwqzzNWT5GSU/vXB0DjX8SlKY6AVQu9q90rKPFwnkkeqwUnWZCpCroq2YyoAlCJpZV7tOfy/4jvDJoPoUK2rHcIyfdj6LNciNWSeJgI+jAqAadZuR5XcEUpF053iX5s2Jg6aIrZCSMm2Fz6LsXLu+Wa+3U4hJHABwPU8/Y1r21aPaXsMXwvrSiq/WOXTBnpqjnGPa+H9o1gf+WfNYMizrIdFzmOGWeg04KYKHjMWeyK5mXLV8os8OMpE8Sm39O0yq4+q2Kl059pgqcakm7qWxnaN5IoSuT8LDj0zxZYfkbAkXwrLCVQPfmTeG1yj0ad161Jq4BlGCD8i+lSimVi1h+7uoUSp7Z89+SsNsAOSXi5uIwYEmEDvA4CXFXBukWbXrnnfuOoweeLqKeHiiBP/2lqamFgdc56h6nt6Rb2F2+VTF6hxGXwj3UydvXZ1Ra9c0Zewv80L2u2pWswEQeJpNfg0hY6I+64bo7oIHIuwyZlwWOjX1yWTAOpn9P1+f3wAsnCIOUFLKSFvVaFallDb32m3DM3LNIE/fv9Bh12O47r1hus00krCJ6sDApHNaKxkIDO48bw3UPvbkqS0egOL1aPzRsz9zTezv0J6fm3du8yy3Xt6OfpYpZXbZYP1LNoygNhl+fE4UHamO44E0wOua6AZI9e4f2DRNBV/ryEhp/srXO2RxRUjYkxS0pKZ/3C47I5qC/nGHakaBmufojS+E9RNq6L4TgwdD0ZiV5Sb8OJ95NP7MpXcq+s47uSITsNSE1sm2v+gKcKXpH4jwzbD8Twvzc+/JxgNO5GXFRoOZF67LPCyjk/kaiOOPb5sk9735+ChKirycD1qT9af2ndjOml2MbP9OTGyjtaZvtRBUQLtmfl6PepexDnCPCrJ9frq0TN+ZcuvCpX1f9x3zzAZWLLdDbFdsJc8S6SRAAJthv25pLbltb38Syy9hsnPw7MJtB2OjhoJfzqs1Fz8J+MKU/ZgnGcPbO+zHlia+8nvOFHqk0OYslnnwoh6e5dMOPlGmrhDPx1GschRRBuzV3KJxRhTyuK2eOyX3bscXOFSRyNo/gOF3E9QTxP7hCgmnXKVpXAwF7srsBc8yvYfz9nhc0W8xwbEN3mP5KDFkGuqnpY67i9zqcb/L2PAwyDFpGeaWOe0HQnvHIGy4dxGzd1PtqtmsH+bXN4wR4Fy1b5ut1A+PDICDJVnaTdhFX4KpzoxrWEnYJMA5PSTnxZM6On6Uw9EdR/GefLr+JscyHlqjLaev/Gyc5wE1uYjEptHKllEq29OoC/DCBqidJ86BU8UX7a4/UWR78no0dPHpmxNRp9gEz66S1518cHQXJCVyrnSmCOcsD6FJrLFEkjs9nkZymZ1JaFvy4JC6e67fRmRaQXW5ZczmjbrWYQvo4irz588ELO9X0ygx7SXdLvp489JX5YpFJEd9o9GvuNZevViExlsKR5pgknCCdTgOB74pFoofwEeMmdZFkjroRWep1OwHvRHqjNrGdNIFV2ZEC2qYkvJlbd1ZsrRv48Eyn4uL8Pb+8Nzu1Rs1l8fCriHbPji09W8pDOr0NJWqTQJVgcDAJ4TNlhTYr1byFUWwPHp//4B87ulagfwxqJNK8mPdS/c2wV8duo1XUa19E5yC/JiPDIql6x89bwwBaTr729ilAwuX2nT3ACudhGrqXhYxW8C
PRIVATE
* 03/11/2022
*** Summary

I woke up at 9am today and had standup with the team. Took Leche for a
walk up the hill. Mariana texted that she was coming home early
because she was feeling raspy cough I've been feeling.

So I took a take home COVID-19 rapid antigen test and found out I have
COVID. Mariana tested negative but will re-take in a few days because
she thinks she has it.

Deployed the latest Glow code, synced with Torin and James about a
pubsub problem. Spent most of the day investigating HUD resilience
issues.

Texted everyone I've seen in the last week to let them know I have
COVID and to test themselves if they feel sick. Ordered some bone
broth and elderberry syrup off Amazon. Ordered some for my mom too.

Ate soup all day then watched "The After Party" with Mariana. Ate pork
rinds and bubbly water

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] covid notice
  - [X] jered & jacqueline
  - [X] riley
  - [X] simon
  - [X] nate
  - [X] same & elle
  - [X] matthew & bree
  - [X] mom
  - [X] chase
  - [X] bcollins
- [X] order mom bone broth & vitamin c
- [ ]
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/10/2022
** Summary

Pretty sure I caught some bug. I woke at 9am and took Leche on our
morning walk. She was pretty slow and tried to eat a bunch of
grass. Didn't pee or poop until about a block from the house.

I deployed the latest workers and started investigating the start/stop
player problem. There may be a client-only solution. I pinged Torin
about it and they're looking into it. Had a call with Billy. We chat
about the tuning the HUD.

I spent the afternoon looking into HUD performance. Read some apple
documentation and put up an experimental PR. Also, debugged with
Charles Proxy to see network requests as it relates to the
problem. Nothing conclusive, hence the experimental PR.

Replied to the accountant and did my pushups. Threw the ball with
Leche and took her for a few walks. Semi low energy all day but better
than yesterday just with more of a chunky cough.

I made a soup with the Master stock. Used all the stock and am
stopping that experiment. House would smell like onion soup for too
long. Maybe its a fine experiment to run outside on the porch?

Soup was: broth, potatoes, carrots, half a bell pepper, noodles,
shrimp, 2 cups kale. Wanted to add chopped cabbage but the noodles
expanded too much to add more mass to the pot. Just served the cabbage
in the bowl with the soup on top of.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Hoping a full night's sleep will clear this cough. Will take a COVID
test in a few days.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] accountant email response
- [X] invite kevin

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/09/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am and hopped on our standup call at 9am. Pretty sure
I caught some minor bug. Sore throat and slight cough. Maybe my immune
system just went down after all the planning and travelling. Could
explain why Mariana got the stomach bug last night.

Eventually, Mariana did sleep. The hot water bag did the
trick. Tonight, she'll try Tylenol PM near bedtime.

After standup, I took Leche on our morning walk. We ran into Cathy
which woke Leche right up. Cathy gave her a treat and was happy to see
Leche.

I made a green smoothie back home (one frozen banana, half frozen
pear, ginseng packet, one orange, some cold green tea, about 2 cups of
kale). Delicious.

I finished the maintenance mode work, published the latest changes and
fixed the HUD race condition. Had a call with Chase at 1pm and
scheduled another one for next week. Threw the ball with Leche before
our evening walk around 6 or so.

Started a "Master Broth" in the slow cooker today from one onion,
several cloves of garlic and an old turkey head. Will continue letting
it cook for a week as I add more stuff to the broth. It wasn't very
tasty tonight. Just tasted like watered down onion water.

Going to bed early in hopes of nipping whatever bug I have in the bud.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Laundry
- [X] setup accountant
- [X] co-working session with chase
- [X] pushups
- [X] bonebroth
- [X] email family wedding photos
- [X] memetime
- [X] ping tim
- [X] ping nate
- [X] schedule tweet
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/08/2022
** Summary

I woke up late around 9am and took Leche on her morning walk up the
hill. Made a green smoothie at home (half frozen pear, one frozen
banana, 1-2cups of kale, 1 orange, ~4oz of water).

Tried to repro the waitlist feature but couldn't locally or on
development. Met with the team at 12:15pm to test the latest build. I
think we're ready to share with folks.

Made some changes to the HUD messages. The rest of the day was focused
on testing the maintenance mode work. As I was putting up the PR, I
thought of another edge case and started work on it.

At 2pm I had a short call with an accountant. At 4:30pm I drove to
Brilliant Earth to drop off my ring for resizing. We sized it down 1
whole size from 9 to 8. 8.25 was an option but I did the soap and
water test and that was still too slick. Took about 45min to get there
from home. Faster on the way back but a different route.

On the way home, Mariana texted that she came home early because of
stomach pain. She ate some bad tacos at lunch. Coworkers who also ate
tacos didn't feel as bad as her but maybe the didn't order the
same. Picked up some pepto bismol for her. Gave her a hot damp towel
for pressing on the stomach. It helped, so I drew her a hot bath. That
really helped. She threw up twice and a third time earlier.

I heated up some chicken noodle soup for her and did a 5x5 workout +
pushups.

I gave her two tylenol (500mg each) then went to the pharmacy to see
what else could help. Picked up some tylenol PM in case she needs help
sleeping, some "extra sleepy time" tea, a rubber bag to hold hot water
(called my mom, her idea) and some pork rinds for me.

The big rubber hot water bag worked wonders. Mariana went to sleep
after a while. I watched an episode of Mythic Quest and sorta
unplugged.

Before heading to CVS, I had a big salad for dinner. Bed time now.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Laundry
- [X] drop off ring for resizing
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] exercise (run + weights)
- [ ] call with accountant at 2pm
  - [ ] it gets reported as self employement income
  - [ ] income & expenseses
  - [ ] in california there is additional form to file
  - [ ] and 2021 federal and state returns
  - [ ] 200/hr rate
  - [ ] quote: $600 (including llc reporting)
  - [ ] if llc makes considerable amount of money, make quarterly estimated payments
  - [ ] there are penalties associated with missing the
  - [ ] next: if it looks good, send him an email
  - [ ] Damon: damon@pikulatax.com

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/07/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am today and made a green smoothie of frozen banana,
frozen half pear, ~2 cups of chopped kale, 1 whole orange and some
left over adult pedialite (about 4 oz) from the wedding. Probably the
best tasting smoothy yet. Had standup with the team at 9am then took
Leche for her walk up the hill after.

Focused on the maintenance mode interfaces and helped Torin debug an
issue. Also patched an issue with an internal interface I introduced
when I hastily extended it last week.

Pretty sluggish day. A lot has happened in the last few days. I forget
how tiring long drives are. I should come up with a good way to
decompress from them. Maybe anytime I go on a long car ride, I have to
go for a run? I have been avoiding exercise after long car trips
thinking that it would avoid injury. But it's probably a great way to
get energy systems off "hibernate" mode from long sitting hours.

I took Leche on only a few walks. She was also pretty tired today. She
played with Ziggy for a bit around lunch time. They both ate a
stick. Leche apparently swallowed some of it because about an hour or
so later she threw it up. On the ground near the couch but got some on
the couch too.

I made a leek and corn chowder / bisque for dinner. Went to Naoum's to
get some potatoes but they don't sell them (and according to their new
clerk Cameron, they never do). Instead, I bought some cans of lobster
bisque that I would add to the soup. Also bought some eggs for the
week.

Cut two leeks from our garden, chopped and rinsed them. Diced about 4
cloves of garlic. Fried them in a little coconut oil then added
leeks. Added about 1.5 cups of yellow corn. Cooked them together for a
couple minutes. Reserved two ladles of the mix then added a can of
coconut cream. Cooked that for a couple of minutes before pureeing
with an imersion blender. Added the two cans of lobster bisque. Added
about a cup of chicken broth (from "better than boullion" base). Added
some thawed frozen argentinian shrimp (trader joes) cut into piecs
about 1 cubic centemeter big. Returned the reserved leek + corn
mixture and cooked it all together for a bit. It was friggen
awesome. Added some left over potato chips from the weekend.

Mariana and I received some preview photos from Angie the wedding
photographer. Incredible shots in there! Looking forward to seeing the
rest.

Earlier today I got note from Melissa of Blossoming Technologist that
our podcast episode is live. I'll share it tomorrow.
** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [ ] laundry
- [X] brilliant earth resize appointment
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/06/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 9:30, packed car, had breakfast at hotel restaurant
at 11. Homeless man had two expensive bikes he stole trying to sell
for $100. Had spanish omlette and a sausage for breakfast. French
press coffee. Checked out and talked with Orlando one of the managers
of the hotel. Super positive guy, had nothing but good things to say
about our moms, aunt and us. Gave us a shirt and pin and will try to
reduce the price of our stay on account of our wedding. He's getting
married to his partner of 5 years and had some covid questions too.
Will recommend him to Angie our photographer.

Drove to east bay to have coffee with Jered & Jacqueline at their
place. Jacqueline made a vegan olive oil sweet bread. Friggen
delicious. We got to take some home. Coffee was solid too. Ate it
outside in their sunny patio.

Drove back to LA around 3:40 and arrived at 9:40 after a one stop for
gas and tacobell in Santa Nella. Surprised Mariana agreed to taco bell
but we did it! Continued to listen to "de fiesta" apple music playlist
for a few more hours before I caved and needed to change the
sound. Went for podcasts. Planet Money mostly.

Dropped off our stuff, put the perishables in the fridge and went to
pick up Leche. She behaved well this weekend and was excited to see
us. Headed back to the house to go to sleep. Back to work tomorrow and
will send updates to everyone.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Drive home
- [X] Pick up Leche
- [ ] Thank everyone for the weekend
  - [ ] bcollins
  - [ ] chase
  - [ ]
* 03/05/2022
** Summary
Woke up around 9:30am or so and ate the other half of the bahn mi
sandwich and a small container of raspberries. Drank the rest of the
electrolyte water. Considering I hadn't had alcohol in my system in
the last two years or so, was pleasantly surprised the hangover wasn't
that bad. It basically sucked all activity out of the next day though.

Met Maru and Tia Marta at the hotel restaurant for breakfast. I
ordered steak and eggs and coffee. Hung out by the pool for a bit and
then got in it with Mariana. Really nice while the sun was out but a
few times a cloud would cast a shadow on us for 10 cold minutes. About
90min by the pool I'd guess. Went up to take a shower and get ready to
meet friends at Dolores park. Headed to Trader Joes first for picnic
snacks. Got bubbly water, smoked salmon, blueberries, toritlla chips,
potato chips, two types of sals and guac.

Went to Dolores and parked up a big hill. Riley showed up first, then
Peter, then Julian and Steph on his motorcycle, then Pau and David,
then Adorina and Moti. Very nice of everyone to join. Riley brought
some snacks and a chip + dip container. Peter made meranges. Steph and
Julian brough champagne. We got to the park by 4:45pm or so and had a
little bit of sun with us. By the time it set it was pretty
cold. Packed it all in around 6:30 I think...but wasn't checking.

Adorina drove us up the hill to our car. She and Peter have a good
idea for a social agreement app. We drove back to our hotel. Mariana
went to her mom's room and she returned with her mom and aunt. We chat
for a bit before deciding on dim sum place. Most dim sum push cart
restaurants were closed as that is a lunch type restaurant. Settled on
a chinese restaurant that served dim sum on Polk st. Lyfted over and
chatted with the driver in spanish. He was Peruvian from Huancayo. I
asked if that was the region responsible for papa a la huancaina and
he told us townspeople used to sell it at the trainstation where it
became known as "papa a la huancaina".

Went back to hotel and went to bed.

* 03/04/2022
** Summary
I married Mariana Diaz today. Woke up at 7:30am in order to drop off
supplies for the wedding reception at Birdsong by 9am. I showered
before heading out and the cold water helped wake me up. Met Matthew
there to recieve his guitar he'd be play later in the evening. The
venue looked amazing. Two chefs had already started working. One was
sitting down doing some calculations.

Dropped off Matthew near his friends place in the mission. Went to the
Wallgreens around the corner. I temporarily parked in a commercial
loading zone in order to run in to find a concealer for a mark on my
face. Handed it to Mariana and ran back to the car. Gave her my wallet
to pay. She put the change, including the coins in my billfold.

We drove back to the hotel. I walked to CVS to pick up instant
oatmeal, almond milk and electrolyte water. Employees there were
pretty instant on how to use the self checkout machine. Walked back to
the hotel and made a breakfast of smoked salmon, banana, oatmeal,
walnuts and coffee. I heard salmon is good pre-drinking food so I
wolfed maybe 12 oz down. Maybe less. It was one trader joes package.

I ironed my white shirt while Mariana showered. Put on Luther Vandross
vinyl but the hotel vinyl speakers were capped at a volume. Used our
bluetooth speaker instead.

Mariana's hair and makeup people arived at 11 and setup shop in the
bedroom. I stoodby for anything I could help with. Eventually, I
started to get ready. I put everything but my jacket and shoes
on. Jacket had to be ironed and shoes needed photos. Maru visted and
took the jacket to iron. Returned shortly after. I put my running
shoes on and walked over to the moms rooms to ask for their advice on
my hair. Maru and my mom showed me how to tripple loop a hair-tie to
keep the man bun tight.

Went back to the room and the hair stylist left. Shortly after the
makeup artist left. We hung around for Angie our photographer to show
up. She took accessory shots of our rings, shoes, etc before taking
shots of us. We moved furniture around and tried lots of ideas in the
room. Great energy, Angie.

We went outside for more shots. Hallway, stairs, down by the pool,
etc. I scheduled a Lyft earlier but they arrive in 15min windows. We
wanted to leave the hotel at 2pm so I scheduled 1:45-2pm pickup. The
driver arrived at 1:45pm and nudged when we weren't there at 1:48pm. I
said if he waited I would give him a great tip in cash. He obliged and
was later very happily surprised to find he was delivering a wedding
party to city hall. Around the corner, but best to drive.

Super windy day. Reports of ~25mph winds. Took lots of photos
outside. Some crossing the road, some near buildings with tree shadow
cast.

A little girl yelled some congraluatory remarks at us from across the
block. An uber driver without a faire stopped in the middle of the
road to yell congrulations. People crossing the street would nod with
a smile and say remark how beautiful Mariana looked.

We saw our moms pull up in Lyft and walked over to them. We walked up
the stairs and went through security. Two separate lines: with or
without a bag to scan. Put on our face masks to enter the building. On
the car ride over, Mariana noticed her lipstick stuck to the inside of
her mask. She was worried it smeared but it didn't.

We followed Angie up to fourth floor for photos and told our moms we'd
see them at the fourth floor north room. Tried to take some fun photos
in the elevator but eventually some building representative poo-pooed
the idea. Took several shots in the hallways and stairways of the
fourth floor. Mariana was worried she needed someone to run back to
the hotel for some medicine but decided it would be fine to get after
the ceremony. About 20 min from the event now.

I introduced myself to Krista our harpist. Our guests started arriving
slowly. By 3:05pm everyone was accounted for. Krista started playing
music around 3pm. Jered, Paulina and Marie all filled out the marriage
license before their signature role in the ceremony.

Mariana and I took our positions together at the side of the hall and
entered holding hands. We stood across from each other with Marie, our
officiant, in the middle. Marie held her speach in a leather folder of
the church she was ordained in (ULC -- Universal Life Church). She
started the ceremony by introducing herself, how she knows Mariana and
me. She asked if our guests would collectively watch over the well
being of our relationship. They collectively said "we will".

She asked if Mariana and I would collectively support each other. We
said we will. Mariana's tears were pretty watery. Hard to watch
without also getting watery but couldn't help it. I said "I do" and
then said it again louder because the first time was kinda
raspy/froggy. Mariana dropped a few tears and said "I do" too. I could
hear some sniffles in the crowd and saw hands fanning themselves to
not cry. Good feelings.

We gave each other our rings and repeated what the rings
symbolize. Not our vows, those come this summer. We were pronounced
married and we kissed. Everyone cheered and we walked back. "No
casamos!" I yelled.

We took some more photos. Some group photos and different selections
of group photos. We told everyone we'd meet them at the restaurant at
5pm. Mariana, Angie, Marie and me went down to the registrar's office
to submit our marriage license. The rules are very strict about
legibility of hand writing. No scratching out or visible alterations
to text are permitted. There was a minor scare that the spelling of
"San Francisco" was altered on one line. One blank field was also
supposed to reference the name of the church Marie was ordained
in. Marie filled it in and they accepted the paperwork. Big sigh of
relief after those hiccups were solved.

Mariana, Angie and I went outside for more photos. A lady leaving the
building looked Mariana up and down and while pointing at her up and
down said "YES YES YES YES YES! Everything you've got going on." I
smiled and retold that all day.

We crossed the street to take photos near the trees in the
courtyard. A few photos before Angie went to the restaurant to take
photos before guests arrived.

Right after Mariana and got a moment of unscheduled peace for
ourselves, we decided to take a selfie. Just as we began, the winds
picked up and snatched Mariana's viel out of her hair and up into a
tree. I ran over to grab it but the veil was about 10' in the air. I
used a nearby construction cone to try to pull it down. No dice. A
not-so-helpful stranger kept suggesting Mariana sit on my shoulders to
get it. Even if she did, we wouldn't be tall enough to have reached
it. Also more likely one of us would rip some part of our clothing.

Another stranger yelled that there were some chairs and tables we
could use to stand on. I ran to bring them over. Super flimsy outdoor
furniture but it would have to do. I stood on the desk and grabbed
hold of the veil. It was a sticky veil and there was no way it would
all come down in one piece. Mariana was fine with ripping it so I
tugged about 85% of it down. Another stranger came over to share
photos they took of the whole situtation. We kept the veil as a
keepsake.

We took a lyft back to the hotel for Mariana's medicine and then to
Birdsong for our reception. Walked downstairs and said hello to the
very attentitive staff. Asked which wines would be good for a
non-drinker and was offered the rose.

We had three types of appetizers served: a sunchoke stuffed something,
a crab meat covered with some gelatinous fish jelly sheet and a fish
cheek in that looked like shrimp with an amazing green sauce. Had some
of each before everyone arrived and we said how nice it was to see
everyone and for them to join us. I introduced everyone and Matthew
got into position to play a rendition of "Such Great Heights" on
guitar for our first dance. Capo'd on 2 to match his vocal
register. Sweet moment.

After the dance we all chat some more. I hugged a few more people and
showed my mom where she'd be sitting. Pointed out that the "name
markers" were clay jars hand thrown and marked by Mariana. Each jar
was filled with two macarons.

We made our way to the table and distributed loteria cards for
everyone. Lyndsey, our host and representative at birdsong, noted that
I was passing out the wrong cards (the card not the bingo grid). She
said she read the rules in advance in preparation for the day. Amazing.

We played the "milenial" version of the game and required everyone to
fill their board before winning. Pretty close game but Riley won and
shouted a frantic "Yes, La La Loteria" when he won. He recieved his
prize: a shiny version of the board game we just played.

We collected the pieces and the meal began. Kaitlin, our meal captain,
rang a bell to get everyone's attention and announced what the
philosophy of the restaurant was. She would use the bell to announce
the next meal course throughout the night.

The first course oyster in a cauliflower purree with some other fancy
stuff. Incredible first bite.

The tooling was amazing too. The wine glasses were paper thin with a
wide base. The water glasses were shaped like clear plastic apple
cider glasses but... made of glass and heavier that they looked. There
was a cutlery resting piece made of a ~4" wood and metal
cylinder. Metal on the bottom to prevent rolling.

Katilyn, the dinner's "captain", brought me the rest of the fish cheek
appetizers. Oh geez, they were so good.

Our second course was a code soup in a bowl made for drinking out
of. Delicious. A few people said this was their favorite dish.

The third course was a guinea hen meat ball on a stick made out of a
fried bird leg. I'm assuming also guinea hen. This may have been my
favorite course.

Fourth course was a spiced cauliflower with dinner rolls to soak up
the savory sauce. Mariana said it tasted like a mushroom. She was
right.

For our fifth course, we had a small piece of aged lamb
loin. Wow. Maybe it was 2oz in total but it was incredible. Lots of
fat on it, Mariana gave me hers.

For dessert we had two treats: first a cheese cake with Mt Tam cheese,
shinko pears and buttermilk. There were also some surprise jellies on
it that made the dish even better.

Finally, we had our wedding cake. The cake chef told us the story of
the cake but I couldn't hear anything after "lemons from my mom's
garden" which caused an eruption of applause from the table. Mariana
and I cut the cake together with a sword from Birdsong. The sword
indicated that they received two Micheline stars and I assume it was
awarded to them by the Micheline team. We cut through the cake but as
we got to the second layer the chefs interrupted and told us not to go
into the second layer. Oops! They cut the rest and served everyone
without issue. Delicious cake.

The flow of conversation through the night was great. Played the
"that's not the movie you're thinking of" movie game for a bit and
told fun stories. Paulina gave an impromptu emotional speech to
Mariana as the dinner drew to a close.

We gave our guests each a bottle of Riesling (or non-alcoholic
Riesling) as an additional souvenir.

After we settled the dinner bill, we thanked the staff and went
upstairs to wait for our Lyft in the lobby. Said goodbye to our moms
who were going back to the hotel. Thanked the sommelier again for
their hospitality and Lyfted to El Rio in the mission.

Mariana and I got their first followed by Jered and Jacqueline shortly
after. I wanted to stay near wine so ordered a Hennessy and sparkling
water. James Howe showed up to say hi. Great to see him, it'd been
years. The guy doesn't age. Brian Collins showed up with some friends
of his, one of whom he had just met at the bar. We were both rocking
the man bun. I can only imagine how big the fro is untamed. Chase
Farmer showed up shortly after James left. Great to see him. Both he
and Brian live in Walnut Creek so I was pretty happy they made the
trek. I ordered another Hennessy this time with hot water and in a
bigger glass. Simon and the rest of the dinner guests showed up for
and we stayed at the bar until closing time (midnight).

We went to the bar next door afterward where there was more
dancing. DJ was spinning vinyl. Probably best that James Howe left
before then as I would've wanted to see him spin. Peter and I
decompressed about The Matrix 4 and gave lots of alterations as to how
it could've gone better.

After about an hour at the bar ("Virgil's" I think), Mariana and I
headed back to the hotel. We were wiped. I ate half a bahn mi
sandwich, a banana and drank some pedialyte to try to curbe the
hangover. Rubbed Mariana's sore feet.

* 03/03/2022
** Summary
Woke up at 9am(ish) after incredibly deep sleep. Staying at the
Phoenix hotel in SF with blackout curtains + king size bed. Solid
sleep. Dreams within dreams.

Well rested though. Drove to the mission for breakfast at Tartine
Manufactury but the wait was too long. It was Thursday at
10:45am...but it's SF and fancy food. Of course there was a wait. We
went for bagels at Atlas cafe near Mariana's old office. Great smoked
trout bagel sandwich there. The worker played Selena for his daughter
who watched him while she colored drawings.

We ran into Martine--one of Mariana's former bosses--and Yaku near our
car. Said hi for a bit and invited them to El Rio after the wedding
dinner. Picked up the bouqet for in Potrero. Great looking
flowers. Very delicate though. As I turned into the hotel parking lot
the impact of the front wheels hitting the curb caused the flowers to
fly out of Mariana's hands for a moment. All is good, flowers still
look fine. My ears were burning.

Dropped the flowers off before driving over to City Hall to get the
marriage license. Got our number (our appointment was at 1pm) waited a
few minutes in the lobby before getting called up. Had a mini freak
out when I read "checks payable to" as "only checks" or something and
thinking we had to bring paper check payment. We didn't. We already
paid.

In our appointment we swore that our details were correct and the
formal paper for our officiant and witnesses to sign tomorrow. The
worker encouraged us to have our witnesses practice before hand on
copies of the sheet.

We then went to Uniqlo to pick up a jacket for Mariana. I got a rain
jacket too and she got a few more sweaters.

We went to Trader Joes to get some fruit, smoked fish and nuts for the
hotel. Picked up some cash from Chase bank. Lastly we went to Dinosaur
banh mi for lunch. At them back at the hotel and watched a show about
"Swamp People" in Florida.

Went to Limon dinner at 7:15. Still delicious but I think Lonzo's in
LA is better. The chica morada they have is incredible though. Ran
into Karen on the way there. Drove to the airport to pick up my mom,
Mariana's mom and aunt. Drove back and checked everyone in. Regrouped
in our room for the plan tomorrow.

Pretty tired from the day. Going to bed now to rest up for the big
day.

* 03/02/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7:30am and had a call with my dad at 8am. It had been a
while since we'd had our regular morning calls. Not much work talk
this time, he just wanted to congratulate us on our wedding. :)

Excited for the whole family to meet and celebrate this summer.

I spent the day cleaning the house so that when we got back it'd be
deep cleaned. It took nearly the whole day. Did some pushups with
mountain climbers mixed in and cleaned the molcajete with our power
drill with a steel brush head bit. Went at it for about 15 min. Should
be good to use now.

Leche followed me around everyone today. I took the day off to prepare
for the trip and have a relaxing start. Great idea. Great idea for the
start of vacations too. No need to rush the night before packing,
etc. Take some space and slow down.

Roomba is on the fritz. It wasn't charging so couldn't vaccume the
house. Still, I swept and saved mopping the kitchen for last. Cleaning
the shower is inefficient. Glass doors. I saw a dude online who used
professional foam soap spayer to wipe it down. Too much for our needs
but a good idea.

Wrapped up our old flowers and put them in an old vase. Was going to
put them by the little free library but reliazed folks might confuse
it for some memorial flowers. Was going to put them on the corner and
post on nextdoor when I ran into Jonathan and offered them to him. He
took them. Leche, Inez and a new dog (Kiko) played for a bit.


** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Email harpist
- [X] Workout
- [X] Call with Dad
- [X] Pushups
- [X] Pack
- [X] Clean house
- [X] Walk Leche
- [X] Pack for Leche
  - [X] Food
  - [X] Toys
  - [X] Snacks
  - [X] Treats
  - [X] Bed & blanket
  - [X] Crate
- [X] Water plants
- [X] Drop off Leche
- [X] Call Phoenix
- [ ] Personal taxes
- [ ] Registration
- [X] Molcajete clean

* 03/01/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and took Leche for her walk up the hill. I made
three eggs with toast and gave her one egg. Scrambled by way of
fried. Had some high-bush blueberries with breakfast too.

Fixed a double rendering message edge case and tested with the team at
noon. Deployed the latest to production and fixed a CORS issue there
on new client.

Picked up macarons from Santa Monica at 1:30pm and threw the ball with
Leche for a bit. Started laundry and took salmon out of freezer to
defrost. Scheduled with Erik Leche's dropoff tomorrow.

Did work out at 5pm with pushups mixed in. Had whey + beetroot
powder + pb powder shake. Made salmon, rice and fried kale for dinner.

Folded laundry. Scheduled a call with accountant next week and
prepared packing and cleaning for tomorrow.

Walked and picked up Mariana from her pottery class.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Pushups
- [X] Workout
- [X] Text Eric
- [X] Laundry
- [X] Macarons
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/28/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:00am and took Leche for her walk up the hill. Had
standup at 9am.

Had a call with CEO of Browserless (Joel Griffith) about our needs
and possible use in the future. Pointed me towards Playwrite's tools.

Tested the new internal api and got it to a working state. An issue
with authorizing some external calls.

At 1:30pm I headed to Santa Monica to pick up macarons for the
wedding. Only to find out I got the wrong date. Oops. Nice drive
though.

Finished up the api testing and deployed a patch for the team. Also
updated a cert to get `www` on our domain.

Did a SL workout after work. Did my pushups then.

Made a koreanish beef bowl for dinner. Cucumbers with korena red
pepper flakes, sliced beef with oyster + soy + ginger. Over rice with
egg and green onions. Pretty good. This broke the "only fish during
M-Thu" goal so will make up for that next week. Certainly not this
wedding weekend.

Watched a few episodes of Joe Pera with Mariana and went to bed. Was
sort of restless so watched episodes of Mythic Quest in bed. Sort of
restless from the late evening workout I think

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Pushups
- [X] workout
<<PRIVATE
690e755b2e0ac197Stop2PRhj3yDke46Pkoan2g7gFwr+7dm+aBK6gntWVyAatAZEGKbeys2OgBniHnYidJZ2asCyXAxn2EB6yFXRfMDTtFe64jmgeZQLYv4JratukOJKbFGGV/Cdom/UsnwkeCn/n/nDSJ8sBBPEPPuS/uTN+IRGR1LVuFMuhwFFHA+SmaruaFvq2br5YwYtsAF7i+vNy0dZa4jogzsAEuuVvD05l64cZeu3rfvwTqIEC/txGIUzpfnEbjH6HVeVJz/l36osmqR8MFA/yYUfcoaqYLvfzYYTEHF2gXxQAOGqrm650WYJs02RBymXWutqii9NNu97H/yq2hYeSiN2EllSqgZsc/14YHrBKNj3RbstkwD6fKGgLdZSO3j63WAFMQ1fmrEgmZ4DQlRDw2UtXb2SIJHE+UiBcvhG48va73xqxh7Bgrez0JPkVndlPGqUzav7PnW7gtCJRmIGD+yeggGkPnIhG9CXRHooJJ8vjolOUZYjHBIGP6YEQrt9uRl+9so0Tyrjq+HJFCx5HLPOwuQpNIdrRzloLdWQWZINSXl3RiCF0sadk3tcDgz9cQuin7gBEPYbXqemE6fLx9QNbi1qqPyNOwHF16dR3eHAMT2gD7p0jUMFIp8/DpesgeinGaHIzMNWpHzSDiSSruDWTKgNY08d9GQ92Ar6bxSvIHjYZUR4Cy45ttgU8O4E3AZ790mzB9jYWN00UbOtBS5KFrg7WU0QgakST20puimrZ6q3peeusVmCUDYGrM1yCKr0DABDm3Yoho0CHZEEsX92w4QOH+v7io9P48qVgfTyE/wUAI4XSCmMHnlLSFAgfQrbx7nuJw/ouHWPAqhDZb82cehirbOtnPDfUMmIUkiHStWmK1yGuTS6/wfEaorgaOO4IlfP6OjPOSHFVce0djkJ5MNtx2+dPZcSDQxQINt4UlsVFwk4WFEk1Op0DEKG/Cse2ghmw+T4VAnEB3btF68T3S6+Hov4vNWSb4daoZ1ezhY+uTOc2/s4dmCEzg+E0tfUUFcn1dufHztpI+NPodEZxwUuo/o3b6ZLTixaf9PGhFWOVuOAXPsVSwyCqt8uj/U29rl9UoHP9QsMl1OOnVEp9Q0ZR7dnGBkxK4L+KLrIhVwTRhVazjfBtJhXkED2MPtS5kXak8pNvDEclwrBfP6kusM4XzkhL33+Jpag12n4xsSiCI2Kv2LdELhuSGZlF8Y35GVBtHI08InZ/5HhptATNN0z/sIXdKFgiF+88tKZWe4JQhfkB2/8yVysVTwYxO5siE3Z0fA8GFb5fyC5cNYUZ2wIV7+wYUZuY+GoiH6n/jc9O3Xfpm3BqAA7KpMGIexjn1oIpAkx6jaj7ah/ouDrjE7jWaN+48k1gBQgwzYyC8veQ5HmKatRyX7BmcecLjtuK2eC5oRzyb9sP91Jf3LV8N3obFC50i2kpsoU/UyXUviMPurZBDLWDcmQBScjz7U8+EAMWhMIF9Y8AehZ5CkwIiSAdIhsAUP7jwg5bJxRHLNN/IvKdZlGvzAcizSU6oWZj9iKYz9dWRJR14DLvFt3Hv3tMrLixWJ9GIsvb5GtjER2A9yBAC52A1O7a7j4qcAi2+EqM23HpXdU1pNRRobRzXF5o1e5yM0sT2Hsa0+o8Bxn473pc+/F5aAijBL3RL5P/HQOz1DChBwbRxasZmcoxfLLiqLzRAl1lueIKoJL5qihaRwvwfIstiWR9/x4Nn8a4O1MMeUkMxEW/rRD7qqGkhPEoyPnnCsWZuzEMXBOsa44WMgB4d0kxYbXdNd1ebYOfjbKz1RISGA0eC41jhaYVh18IXqAyN7Z0VXiTzupwRrpoHPExxQhhZU3tHD1UIlGDcfVZYqvlHTvvsrNHdX40WAiAhP+BUaTf+EFoqHh1ihIigShvMavKbrWIm7x1WKxXeky04l/uEdL1Nl3qe8MeqliRcB1RgyPebUYCIm9N/6jLllBxKuLfkn1P9/BrydNGriX9b4IB5Kmscws4XYbhAcr55V9fkBv5aTJ+LM3EvSHlafFzVSYaGYakr9wEK0VNyybzUCSd3VaWpVUWuCg9k0QwkC9knMYWQM/g18e56rYmLALwcYfLf9uF/jASHUG2loKHtl8NY0o+RUeWYnfW2VGqgxxTbfiYt5GaoKT4VzUY52A+InuDsZuXkQaSif3inuu5vRpgINcqznjGq3eEbSgP/EHtK5pa40ziNidFjA6LbYl/FHCEaJjtC/cmH8eD9ix97ru8upINZbxWQRZQ/oRxtIpOEyrpL3NXGonHYbPTlp1ilR0Cle1MvwFa1+UnWP2qilB28d+SsQclR/myE7fgjK5O9h7ErD8D/Nh7Fln6PUteLlo5LvF82/Url5Tn9ZXwKrgKA5uAT7wBxspKU2P1a1fX6xREy189JtCCTyMVTxE9H8/0RCqj1C4AzcXVxsdzpBDlUIY+ztZTY722PBgMITdJGdq2knZJpkD08StJP3YOGY6p1nSjAcw9uARXSiKxt779jilxKw99hXM0CDoVbWMe4Ndye3uaBII01rkK36PJRAjBsUFeGSpi0zAcWBHeqmY1BK7LEQBxolnRpMaG1qCmgMNk90Te5gxYxeqIy0RK34HVOMhpaZR5AtURRhnf44kypw55vDzwnxP/hNzb6JCmN4vQLqj8XiVss6NfcXAXucAsWWxJ1Q/SKx9zaiwqTcPzn3tL9R4WYehbvBtvJovqpI4tp5cXTFHt9hvL769C23nAw/oCJMqNGgYBLlYEVuMuEIy/2su6T3Uc8rm41wOUsm3aqq1k9ZmaMWasLWbDga3qR6BeaXMr1IKIe+/GghL0r3jSGrKFb4bbpTSUzjap+aVS4oBDnWqpSmVAvtEENwXzuFnbw37OTCfNcIg9C7RlvsD2ibJxQ3Kau4kjJj7DU7h0Sb2npMzJ9NQLyi/dwvcHe8deb8rdCIecRRDb6IDXgTgcYUKAyPh2EHG3EKR9jfcU9jWvJ6a3WQEVbYB3VQy7qWIkn1agLUtczanqd8uKaej1sWkEpHMTG3uJHIsEDbOTOV1Vy0YTfe4uymGCAuq7NDkkj2YE8AtWn7yhnbwiz1l6HQei0ZneQYLP1jFaklzyx8PyHyauv/JkicZRJyD3EuNI9s1CYqFn0mdMORVBAdXS6NH540uKk7ZT/kDCKRca34Q777LYSKmQYyUCb2KMeV6Tm/83hbzXDpoSs14zNK2iwv+jhiKpswJrULMsuAOzEWzOvPVPBzNCwI/snQIeuuZzSGBoRbNe0Hh16IBF8+KD4vNBwuvJix2bsjfchtlXBkWhHDuNjP5KHYkqclcEAIWfux+jLfu2WSow9I+e/JaLzWOz0bilv+CBguXkkWaVMiqtjJAOm9qVzkZM/fZcBCPOMCbwb2bwXTY37/cLDxgv1CUW0lfXSiNscjn/vbufAuBQNIk3AYBb8ZOFXEuGOHRbMt82J9LOzopf9EyGs4ovCc+b6aJXLwUU4PKJQ5YdFNR1wVbmLd9/Z6NGe/OGk93X16v9w4SkIkJaAjsMBSUTsdrrtiCyt3h56k5cX8VQ1KXUBgGsC6SiXe0/YmllOkQ4sgLV/y6AycW5THwWAorVcPJBA7c0eLRiHZhjjM60igOGDpWnuDnkD7goPEXD3GTs4mHlgp2fDGgkASRoGlTEzGNxFy/B057yqYB7pm2/vgWqcd7XxsmCIpWKmi6Vl5dmrLfWaRpvUmBgwetY+7UN/mL/mNYh4HWJPdCggdbWd3WDBWeKcZI2JIp3MkE1c5Y276GWpzje/p2l9SBVqfibyJ1Nw3TjZ1xJELKolqs7R+kx4K1RRyTu7vkQdv0JofcNQL+SN72PN9GMQbBmnNKx/L8DR4Ve7Cn59rb61+12+MWH5+FjX292TERQ9MepeNKGjbLQSeYejgMpUhjqacohjEq4+WmU0D6KJlloX474eYJFPexsJn53Av6MQsSGIcqyX0uEziK8OD1Obkpv18F2hGnD037Ou2ZV2Xelp1r3B4shMLgoXM/gR8WJ4Bg/UjwOJ0mQYFv1Sbo0mVUQX5UjYWkD/aciuK5Mh2KWnAQj852KyBwNdsVOr02N+zf2lt+TMxIhRTLhSWUiuDu0qQf6tbKddJscINQeYdfVvvM3h/RJNkDikAjvzDwmWOOgSX/grKz0n3tmGIHcp5WifMXVmeH195sfe0KaHd8imubBT+Te5L0NsRUH49jFemcDD67sV3/xHWN10mSmUyiV8TKOceqp6xIOTb0SzWnkkJQub2DubUBsiF7pflQQAt0xCWlVeidiHb3o731P8wrm6use7PVCCzXDhuZQsasIFTOnMpz0Zjg+ldMhndSZh2sDfssdD7NPy+RVFV49PNb2VWpNXq7SPTnKk0bug8wWViJlcmX31WQcz+xvephQJEYT51zCCLmzYnRJ6L7qpPnFXcQkltcVjEKk8tusDVRlvJHsmeeSH3d7wDtILsaQ80SCtFOpme8drssrxaQpyy/IE7xd9Hp/7TrQeKJF/aA/3g/K4jtUoug6nbl6/GoGZzVXl6H79mJ/Yd5vPABF45MislHrbJWMJAF/euqbNIGXdDJnRpM9UlrPPYv0/5DtMdNJpTs78EY1Go3R++me0myF8hLTsNKMvX10LzMqWOysCW42d7gtZ99VfJXNK7Wj7li+Yz4DAveMNCBdFnjQOwyWjiCOaXXAeZlyV6Wz4JEiDKySObw5JkuAAkHMT8oeQUsRAtnTCsxEfPDmjEEX5dqrsx6hCWDzVTEEuTKRJ6OnAs5mE4xGhPU6ou4p9GDgaltJjfgMpfny/di83ftJtXOmjYeMyFkhupZzt+E1gEO2jRk1/ObWi0z4/WAOBP49Muoik4ySmSraiNWa/SYloIi/D54ZFapuAorA2+EBXBOfxltet5UFDoPKl3Jjjr2FEgJy36r0+o+CHPdHiuci+zUJq0KX2i1sRxA1BUFJcBE90gbsEdZnE7Xzjy6sTLBVzDvI9rqwOtBUntejGgOs5fQFP0guC68MCF6yVVIP4GA8asM1kqMsUfEUqUhL6XINbVNWuEWvd6EIw5KA9t/NHLLpiU7sS6fbHlCh1A9U32OCH6JTE3QRODMI2pkxvkA/dIAi6f8c/fqIIVuTbao32V+lyZCtvAwJygjA4e9MVt0Ys8jy74rmv2XxVjhGRcfKJ2FPplxB1WzzL3nw5CCbRuGI3GMoneIHWGGcdS/U+ivuK7o4yr7kM8LSZNUv56NGO3yq4Vw2YH+1DYUzUvKi8bQlaGZfDxrMxdTl2JLDir6w3vcziVgVSrVGJRZne7ITUT0/b8EryHcee0z3jpL743U38KrFDX24y4z2nGn0+U40E991KL3ESNt1aMs5dyPBTXs3Prv+ta89h/Y2TDuWyIqCVWsbzmWGs2iOo1IB4uhTd/KJkFSRUNSynCHBQe4SayBryz7Gl/LKMgx3vVJbqdnaVuF4H4XUw5xJNqSFqNm86gfFSSJzIcwk/s9knMLUllV9uFK9Dm7wNl5HFMMLK1EqkYHxjJ97943k0ZPaTOI3sZWr+TQC7Y3HqXzzT+9I3+wLN2kJ9tTeUW3Cm/z8ymYRuvZFq/jjzMIsDFETfJZ9ECE+SsyEvdjPLyfjdH/3Il34kZ+TaMCGDTxxMCGMEvZ9MSggiHRmTI3nCynpvTXurnn0Rna/b9bR4Fm6h62g3Y5CnB5ot38Z1FzW/r2cKG0eLGURp3UHD7k2TP0pfOqdyzkLDM+V9o7RDbTy9uzJckMP56sqjwI6jwMGxQdPja0aVITI4s6gvNteuxE5qqiDEEdOzOBeFM0XaeLUigESQ9+z2iFClH9y26+G0oG4XnkhT/Uib6KS2oRGiQxOO+QaiYfnKGRNQ2xfPRwGGh/GdznX1ddi3tXF6H2KGYVVeJdXIoRWd8yAlU5HyCfdRxODT4ei+Tj6YK/HAa2Aqc/7WIeRTCvJh8Gr7UtyMDfuZLO9svH0TUojbM8sSFtvnHAfMjlNRaRcP7opnRhthA9MDJGxj3DKjcvvTkT9WZsccoMG9morMv1a9bXwkEV06pfu3YkSs5gPXJr0J7ga9oX7IUdasCkAmQjvLPvPBp235CkJsrxWCoxFFtNMB6lYrqoLsFP6LK25y1GrHWFeBf7lrfrjXluU3GojO/geOYsnTRpvLRVz3CzHde4J3n2SejglVlENpnPde4mV5zu4hG5p8RjJXjLKl1I3ZNo38HonGBwLSE04KOJxMwnzJcXwzHPcXXzdGKYiGTEVxiHPiacL7XSBrXU2RoaypZamaERSaECOGaNo6QqZY0KThXV/4ANpBZV5np87e2aKcjNIK9d/eAx0e3YsSzZmeR2z5nRqTtZU+AwphRG8vLKe2owewFdk5yB1/IouAYRAhnSRRZcDJlEuO/lsbiJRzQupZzrIKDCquZ049ED/osuIGjIgdV7gzCWJ3NbSKkfZ+leGffg+RTSLIFRZvvQQJ+sluRuAUhMm+N4L/E+YqsDzgnhXFn/CC3uxl02zOMrcZb8kzmLg08PfI5KzXtL/xYVUzKLiCztIF6jLFZ1TLpLqM9xC9xo4qB+rBHnNO9HZA0s8JMUijSZpLJEcy+9RmbEgaPhkkYMiyt1pwvMorPnZ/0bX6H90NIzgeRutEwfOTK/TvDiK0s0ST0pLzvLj1KwQQwugiPmQjgl2FmslTo5iEf9neIex8Di2aApF3YiHcOFMhY9PH5Em69sMWLGvk7BBLBmrNM0MDS/fqBpv9fYMgjxm2JQHElDtIzcV6t4scLtD31d5DZ1J86IxwlPaeE6obi8VOTcSBqE0O6vfx/KG0pFStxc3rQ4RTnVZVfpl+L14d5b8KCsTYkfw2NQjzCxVNFZQmC3gleE9cmupsdHATD+n0lCKtsPnjZoTecDy8lSQCiAbUs0cdapOI8At3aq0dAK1l+OkYIp7KO8+x2n1LTHF5u6NV2IQnpzSOOi6eIpXC3Iklo2pcyLQp9xWCuS9BmEjNz1r5ysc0MEjndqfrNJ31Jlf73pjdft2SVU8ILMB5d8iVHvRf6Bzy3cWHSTq5ieADpuz8J/Lf1HrUEeWFoVNPJMGakmJZPNg7HTBqskGj0uUh09mTe2XBiqA9d/4rXAhbGP0yqLKCIE3Hk/bGyVMwtU5BKuxqG9GEXZV4wyeoQF3cGn91U/m0cunPDu459ixEXoeyOIdTVKwnDBAqdMOsRatpBJEodVdoH0T8QWeS+1C5o6UgtpRrI4UbpQmM+mtRnF0r/6mdc8DdRIdMiohL06P0gAAvuzWgUsFFDjvPR8f3ZMvQv5WYY0hXTGllkxcRZCdb8H6HsalzLq7xbusyeSf5JjA+wkyL9Oaarl+Cp7IuYqlbOp/BkgsklLgVxlr6QirXbLTClnGcHtCwWuU+AT7Iua/5HXPPH/Da2dFD6ndf2ZpvWaRhHYmwUc2EL3Fl9hWLAv736uMC5vpkFraFRCbSM4SU/FVXsD8+h1t9UInnKkQsbE8crOzWeC0+/zpF0ggHBfp7opvMT78caYMUlYG66tF44B7b/zwdopxUVoDeplnTss3b/K9OyCn3+bEPCtM0j+GU7wGWx2+KZbEeu//N+y7PpzhJgGFqOlpvahV9EDs9awQnwY5mqTYEuP934zmcvq55BcAPPGhJ03v+lo6IpIvlqBt01ETTV3E7wRCLp8dMn2XXNpxshgLycNoLNVNjinFLUBlwDRUFSV3gXV+msoyHwLZPdCEuxdX9XeuVhY6GVDZfJj9gsmGoAll0tvkiYs/vfMT0dr1j/9as8TFf+lyRV7yeEiJ5BWnT5esHlJuDU+HLKvv3Xk0RYt6h4DvCrxxW9+yCULzBM4GpXZUjLNmh3eVfxt2tPY0xMZTDuyJi1pyU6kIrX2Q5Wh5awIDmc8NHQw8rbTIcFEwZkV/SoJ8g3nrT8+pgWuGfBu/Bu4euidv7R82IlEZKft98rqxI4EwKwVVTvIs4NEhNrbbxLM1wmIM95sDSoCl8sryzX1O8gE55zYEwSAHn6Bm3gHPFmPeba9ofweIcmuutR6PmNVzh68DLrgz16/58w6uMaO076wgFP5I/uHGNQxd1pCA8eUYtkuppnBBJ5P26d74jGuR3uf5gHdBU+h45txbov/QJ+i+perelbogjExo/XB8Z6Wmrf1rDZgnAC67yDfAPFLZ30zftaKTjCb52S8iA6
PRIVATE
* 02/27/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8:45am, did a bit of DuoLingo and took Leche on the
"Palms Puppy Pack" walk with our neighbors. Mariana stayed home. We
crossed overland this time led by Karla. Everyone wished Mariana and
me a happy wedding.

Came home and made fried eggs and half a bagle with cream cheese for
breakfast. We watched part of the remainder of the movie "The Mitchels
vs The Machines" before Mariana went swimming. I played some DuoLingo
while she was away and Leche slept on the couch. Lazy day for us both.

Mariana returned and we watched the rest of the movie. I went to John
and Ellie's house to help them move a cabinet down stairs into Ellie's
parents truck. I met their sleeping twins, Julian and Lucia. Healthy,
happy looking babies. Amazing.

I jumped rope for 30min and did my pushups after. Getting better at
jumping rope. Can go longer sessions without tripping. Will focus more
on that in future sessions.

Mariana and I took Leche on a walk. We ran into Karla, Alessandro and
Karla's partner (name?). Karla told Mariana how beautiful she looks
and said congratulations again.

We watched an episode of Mythic Quest but it didn't stick with
Mariana. She chose a miniseries about some scam artist to watch. It
seems too long a show for me, so I stepped out after the second
episode.

Only working two days this week before heading up to SF for the
wedding. Tomorrow I'll test the internal api write another.

* 02/26/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 9am and took Leche for a short walk before heading out
for my haircut at 10am. Same stylist but a new location. Asked a bunch
of questions about keeping my hair from breaking. I'll start putting
small amounts of coconut oil in when it is dry. I also won't tie my
hair when its wet.

Came home and made pancakes and eggs for breakfast. Mariana said it
was the best pancakes yet. I took Leche for our longer walk where we
ran into Cathy. Leche loves seeing Cathy and flips if she sees anyone
with a push cart anywhere in our neighborhood. Cathy always has treats
for her.

I did a 5x5 workout and Mariana went to get her wedding nails done. I
took a shower and worked an hour on a personal project with a
focusmate session. Not very focused but finished what I wanted
to. Played DuoLingo for a few hours.

Went to pick up water before the store closed and bought some
groceries from Trader Joes. Mariana made herself some food so I moved
the korean bbq meal for tomorrow.

Leche and I walked her to studio and came back to play more
DuoLingo. We picked her up 90 min later and Leche and I had our long
night walk. Inspired by that great Barb & Star movie, I looked up
movies to watch on the walk.

Some workers were installing lights on the neighbor's fence for most
of the day today. The temporarily took out two fence boards so they
could pass on both sides faster.

* 02/25/2022
** Summary

Bed: 730am, breakfast at commissary with Mariana. Matcha latte and
"all american" breakfast burrito. Their oven was out of service so we
used our microwave then convection oven at home.

They used to serve the burrito with a great smoky roasted tomato salsa
but today gave packets of chalula. Not the worst substitute but the
burrito is less exciting without that salsa.

Leche was vocal about going out for our walk while we ate. I gave her
a string cheese piecemeal and she forgot all about the delay in our
walk.

Listened to a duolingo exercise while on the walk. New phrases:
"a eso de" for "around" as in "a eso de las ocho" for "around 8
o'clock".

Had standup at 9am.

Shipped the latest API and worked on an internal API for launch.

Had happy hour with the team at 5pm. I had a beatroot + whey + fiber
smoothie. We played a game of codenames.

Mariana and I had dinner at Simpang. Shared a peanut sauce dish, some
fried dish. She had noodles (like Mie Tek Tek but thinner noodles), I
had a spicy nasi goreng.

Came home to watch two movies: "Barb and Star go to Vista Del Mar" and
"A quiet place 2". Barb and Star was one of the funniest movies I've
seen in a while. Just bizzare, dumb humor. Like Austin Powers +
Bridesmaids.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Pushups
- [ ] workout
- [ ] Taxes
- [ ] prepare for wedding
  - [ ] paperwork
  - [ ] dance
  - [ ] steam suit
- [ ] oss alias
<<PRIVATE
f92b1b44ca7b7a896irxrjpRtsaowW6XeYq+anBxROUepUuJhQUJc38lvKGLFXfHta2LJkrwzaPEa2gbqHdw1naBdNOHu69oukHpxpglYAy6/W10Nm7anc7rqy8pesQqH8SlIlu+KwzgKPOCIXKJdElZLj9NMpaXJNmFcX+UB14cXwg0
PRIVATE
* 02/24/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am and took Leche on her walk up the hill. Spent an
hour debugging the MediaRecorder prototype before syncing with
Billy. After our chat I focused on tuning our current system.

Had a call with Pubnub about pricing. Ran 3 big experiements to tune
the HUD system, got the latency down to 6s.

Made fish and mashed potatoes for dinner. Had salad with it. Ate
leftover curry for lunch.

Played a lot of DuoLingo after work. Did my pushups at 9:30pm. Threw
the ball with Leche around 5pm. It was pretty cold today but not as
bad as the last couple.

Will launch the HUD improvement tomorrow morning before finally
working on some non-HUD improvements.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] pushups
- [X] fish dinner
- [ ] grocery store
- [ ] headshot
- [ ] pancakes tomorrow morning
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/23/2022
** Summary
Almost went to bed without writing this.

I woke up at 8:30am and made a whey + pb powder + beat root powder
smoothie before hopping on standup call. Took Leche on our walk up the
hill. Super windy today and last night. The palms trees are shedding
their branches. We look up as we walk under them.

Focused on the HUD problem and researched solution using Wowza +
webrtc. Sent a few emails to their support team about vague
documentation use terms.

Had a call with Albert about an integration issue. Seemed to be an
issue with the client. Wolfram is looking into an issue with one of
the interfaces.

Did my pushups around 3pm. After work did a little bit of exploratory
side project.

Took Leche on four walks today. She saw her first dead squirrel
today. Rigor mortis. I saw it two days ago under a trucks bed. Must
have eaten something poisonous. Someone or something moved it from
underneath the truck bed to the grass where it lay belly up. Leche
couldn't take her eyes off it. For half the block she was turned
around staring at it. Someone moved it (through it away?) later, by
sundown.

Tomorrow, I'll focus on the s3 upload problem.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Pushups
- [ ] headshot
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/22/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am today and took Leche on our walk up the
hill. Approved a patch for Wolfram and focused my work on downloading
the right content via puppeteer. Made some changes from my code last
Friday and it works just fine.

Spent the rest of the day trying various ways to get MediaRecorder
data recorded as MP4 via puppeteer+chrome. Mp4 or ts containers are
required for HLS on apple devices, neither of which default Chrome
supports. There are plenty of options which bake ffmpeg into the
browser as an extension but I figure that defeats the purpose. FFMPEG
is a CPU hog and we'd like to avoid it if we can.

The solution I'm testing now requires a cloud transcoder of the webm
videos Chrome can generate. It might still be more performant than
ffmpeg...we'll see.

Scheduled a call on Monday with Browserless CEO.

Made a coconut + shrimp + potato + carrot + onions + peas curry for
dinner. My best one yet. Worked on a feature for my personal project.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups

<<PRIVATE
0b7954b42af9c1c6fJBh/WMUtQ2VV/7mHZyCDHJR1GXWGOByVYOulaIirhN06BpdHYxGcBO69zxvDyUNGgfwylc7hwEk+vh/v/NmlN9BtBBgY6BIEgS2WnwrmSVcE9nK5UZtTH+DO4qlh76A8ytx9ivpYmfpaople+zexvYdq2OijkOkq7OEdVS2G3LfJ3kXyPNRnK0GLXAwRLlsW6vxy5Sjcn18LbZEevA+mM894mUtBA+h/fq6tkIOncPsp/Gtu1N3ITwqxh8XpW7QH+rMWOS6+WlfujNB84umeWbbmPgWGcH19CagqmEKR0nY/2OjKDVjmbaF38TEXKaNeSD5YGMJo5eFt5asmCKLb0GEzx2KBX+9jfsnYWFZTKH4Yl/YTxPnKhQpLzmKb8NMbfWT9f5Bk92Cp0AQDuvJNXPBakNxpMW+SWIm9OHzWf3CXaCXMjl/UNEeLagiv+c4PdoR/ZoKsMe3fU8eCZlDtbWg44c6WMQJsYrxOtGa4puWnqSy
PRIVATE
* 02/21/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 9:30am today and played DuoLingo for a half hour before
taking Leche on her morning walk up the hill. It's a holiday today so
I had a slow start. Came back did my SL workout, had a smoothie (whey,
pb powder, banana, beat root powder) then took a shower.

Had a call with AWS at 11am to sort out a metrics issue. It's fixed
now. Played around with expo for a minute and thought to make a
"template mobile app" that I could stamp out whenever I wanted to test
a mobile app idea. Not worth it. The tools change so often, by the
time I'd finished generalizing it, better solutions would be around.

Announced my "privatize" post
(https://encapsulate.me/writing/Privatize.html) in a few channels. Got
one unsubscribe in my tinyletter list.

Setup a twilio account. For failover on an existing project and to see
how user friendly it is for a possible new one. Very simple.

Call with Alex was delayed until after he met with his professor. He
worked on reading and I built a skeleton backend service for this
prototype idea.

Spoke with Nana Marlaine about the wedding. She RSVP'd yes for her and
Taita. Looking forward to seeing them soon.

Made a simple sandwich with leftover turkey and a fried egg on
sourdough bread. Made tunafish bagel sandwiches and soup for dinner.

Continued working on skeleton idea and documented the work to be done.

Tomorrow, I'll continue prototyping a variation of our use of
puppeteer. If we can get it working, big engineering savings.

* 02/20/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 9am and did some DuoLingo before Mariana, Leche and I
went on the neighborhood dog walk. Six dogs in all today and we went
on a pretty hilly hike through cheviot hills. Everyone was wiped
afterward.

Came home and I had a call with Evan. Good to catch up with him. Sharp
guy. Will demo the new product to him soon and another later this
year.

Mariana and I went to the farmer's market for lunch. We ordered what
turned out to be pretty loveless chilequilles. All ingredients sourced
from costco but no love put into the food. Just wanted to turn a buck
it seems. Still ate it lol.

Bought a chocolate babka from a vendor too. Had a slice while we
finished Halt & Catch Fire. Great babka. The show had some great
moments. Best when there was real "skin in the game" some threat to
the success of their new company. The last half of the last season was
just fartin around and a character dies. The last two episodes were a
stretch.

I wrote a post on privatize and will share it tomorrow. Called Alex
after he said he couldn't get focusmate setup. Some issue with his
email client stripping links sent to him. Lame. Also, double lame that
the gift card we got him required him enter his credit card
number. Easier to have gifted customers convert at the end of their
gift period, but sort of ruins the spirit of a gift.

Glad his arm is doing well. Huge scar and he's to have reduced
mobility for now. I hope he follows those rules.

I made a salad for dinner and we watched "Nightmare Alley" by
Guillermo Del Toro. Pretty good at creating creepy
atmospheres. Reminded me of the HBO show Carnival for a bit but no
supernatural powers, just the setting. Leche and Mariana slept on me
for on the couch for much of the movie. Leche eventually went to the
floor for her own space.

Tomorrow I'll share the privatize post (HN, twitter, LI, tinyletter),
have a call with AWS at 11am and a focus session with Alex at 2pm.

* 02/19/2022
** Summary
Woke up naturally at 8/8:30am which was surprising given we went to
sleep at 1:30am. Took Leche on our walk up the hill. Made a smoothie
for breakfast (whey, banana, pb powder, fiber and...frozen
avocado). Not my best work.

Walked Mariana to her ceramics studio to check on something. Ricco the
homeless man in our neighborhood was pacing around the block
angrily. He hadn't been here in a while and last time he was, he had
several aggressive interactions with neighbors.

I did SL 5x5 workout with bench, push ups and ring dips. Finished that
nasty smoothie during the workout. Invited our neighbor Jessica on the
Sunday dog walk. Leche heard me talking to her and her dog Tilly and
was going crazy inside. Mariana brought her out so they could
play. Learned that she works for FX on social media. Current focus is
the show Atlanta. She recommends.

Mariana went swimming and I published privatize in homebrew. Tested it
out on encapsulate.me and saw it wasn't working. Was pretty frustrated
but then realized by .gitattributes was referencing the original name
`git-privatize` so the filters weren't running. Fixed that and it
worked fine.

We drove to Los Dorados Flautas food truck after Mariana's swim. Took
about an hour though yesterday google maps projected 20min. No
complaints, it was a great day and nice drive. Listened to Apple
Music's Selena Essentials playlist. Leche rode with us and loved being
in the car.

There was a dog at the food truck that had a piercing bark. Was one of
the food truck workers I think. Leche and him played for a bit but I
broke up a small fight they had when he tried to hump her.

The flautas were excellent. Crispy, saucy, flavorful. The lamb was
better than the pollo but not as saucy. I ate my 4 and 1.5 of Mariana's.

The drive home took about an hour too. We took Leche for another walk,
walked Mariana to her studio and I returned to draft up
https://encapsulate.me/log.html based on privatized the contents of
this file. Rendering links would be cool, maybe markdown too?

Picked Mariana up and came home to watch Halt & Catch fire. Season 4
isn't my favorite. We watched 3 episodes and have two left. I made a
salad during the last episode. Came to bed to write this. It's 1am.

Tomorrow, we'll go on the Palms Puppy Pack walk and I'll prepare some
posts for privatize. At 11:30am will have a call with Evan.

** Notes
*** Me
<<PRIVATE
eab21911d7169206hnGmaS7zsVlPMlC3Luw7wxliGmD/m4j4vo+ROJx4M0v9D/zGQEzPzhX3MCaQOvXvHnKVMfjT4xYg1z0CsC2J0zY0H4LMZnGfZY+KtsGEYs7w9nkPKak7EQZvEFeBrcMWV6j8i/gjtehW7r2AsuRf65lLKUW+CegMNVGJsZypGk4+B6OTnXZvGC9husJw+A+mHEkzzfBMnbaMJasfiDsNpQ==
PRIVATE

* 02/18/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and did DuoLingo before taking Leche on our
morning walk up the hill. Made a smoothie (whey, pb powder, beat root
powder, banana) and gave updates at standup.

Shipped the username change and a small change to push
notifications. Pinged AWS again after they dropped the ball on our
call. Responded to a few personal emails. Called Phoenix Hotel about
our arrival. Replied to browserless ceo about our usecase. Started
prototyping a modifyied puppeteer version of what we want.

Talked with Nenya, a coworker of Evan Purcell's about his new venture
and gave some advice. Took Leche on a few walks and threw the ball in
the afternoon. Had salad and fish for lunch. Gave Leche two pieces of
fish today.

Started packaging up privatize for homebrew distribution but didn't
finish before we headed to American Beautify for dinner with Marie and
Moti. We played the mobile app "Wavelength", a fun way to pass the
time. We were all pretty hungry so it was good to have something to
focus the mind.

The burger at Win-Dow is better. AB's is good but you need to be drunk
to really enjoy it. That or it needs some crunchy freshness. Eight of
a head of iceberg.

Came home, took Leche for a walk, did more DuoLingo and watched
another Halt & Catch Fire. Tired now, going to bed. I fell asleep
watching the show. I watch while lying on the ground because it feels
better on my back. Leche barked at some sound she heard outside and
wouldn't let up. She was offended we didn't let her check and
see. Good girl to bark though.

Tomorrow, I'm going to ship privatize make the encapsulate.me/log page
and write the posts. I'll do my chest workout if my back is feeling better.

Oh yeah, I woke up with a thrown back. How the heck did that happen?
Have I been slouching at the standing desk? Cheating while walking on
the treadmill? It was like I herniated it again. Super tight and slow
to make any moves.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] push ups
- [X] date night
- [X] do this -- https://dynomight.net/mbti/a
- [X] call with Nenya
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/17/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and took Leche for our morning walk up the
hill. Returned and made a smoothie (whey, pb powder, beat root powder,
banana, fiber, water) for breakfast.

Deployed the latest API, reviewed wolfram's PR, integrated pubnub into
the app, added android verification and began reading browserless docs
after emailing their team on limitations of a beta feature of their
api.

Took Leche on several walks today and invited a few more people to the
walk on Sunday.

Waited until about 1/1:30pm to eat lunch. Put the rice, veggies and
fish in chicken broth for a quick soup. Was great but I think I waited
too long to eat, was pretty sluggish after. Maybe it was all that rice.

Had a few focusmate calls and one no-show.

After work I finished up the features for privatize. The sha-1 hmac as
IV solution works great. I renamed some of the commands and made it
work as a standalone tool for piping. Will add a terminal gif of its
use and publish in npm. Will start using it on this file and write a
renderer for it for viewing on
https://encapsulate.me/log?day=dd-mm-yyyy. That site will be a single
page that does the following:

- fetches this log file
- parses every day for the `Summary` section, excludes everything else
- if no `day` argument is supplied on qs, renders the current day's
  summary with any privatize'd data as blacked out censored text
- if the current day doesn't have a value, render "Justin hasn't
  submitted today's summary"
- show page toggles for: first, most recent, previous, next
  entry. Skips over any day that was not logged
- if a day doesn't have a value, render "Justin did not log this
  day". Only way people can see this is if they enter a date in the
  url manually. Show options for "would you like to see the entry
  closest to this date?"

Once done, talk about it:
- LinkedIn -- privatize
- Twitter -- privatize
- Twitter -- daily log
- LinkedIn -- daily log
- TinyLetter, encapsulate.me/writing, HN-- combo post

I'm going to bed now. Will wake up early and do my 5x5 chest workout
with added dips

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] privatize, one hmac per BLOB
*** Glow
- [X] Deploy api
- [X] Wolfram pr
- [X] pubnub
  - [X] spec
  - [X] api
  - [X] client
  - [X] test
- [X] Android verification
- [ ] Debug with AWS support
- [ ] Browserless docs

* 02/16/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 7am today and did my SL 5x5 workout. No more GVT until I
want to mix it in. Felt great all day after the 5x5. Started with low
weight but will step up faster than the +5lb rule. Had a smoothie
(whey, banana, pb, beat root powder) for breakfast with the
workout. Did my pushups during the workout.

Took Leche for our walk and made it back for standup at 9am. Finished
the banUser api and synced with James on real time solution. Moving
forward with pubnub. Also resolved some old issues while on the call
with him. Made the `usernameIsAvailable` api available to mobile app
too.

Had a big salad for dinner and watched Halt & Catch Fire with
Mariana. It's basically just a big character drama. Huge swings with
some of these characters.

After, I read some of crypto101.io to make sense of the SHA1-HMAC IV
that git-crypt uses. Swapped out my implementation for it and as I
thought, it doesn't work. I suspect it relies on getting the SHA from
git and not computed on fly. Need to comb through the source a bit
better.

Going on a walk with Leche and might watch another episode with
Mariana.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] 3 types of fun -- https://www.rei.com/blog/climb/fun-scale

*** Glow
- [X] Sync with James
  - [X] pubsub system
    - [X] research cometchat
      - [X] solution relies on having user listen to group events. not our solution -- https://forum.cometchat.com/t/implementation-of-system-messages/2380
    - [X] if not, go with pubnub
  - [X] Old tickets
    - [X] https://trello.com/c/5TjtRlmG/205-test-force-out-user-on-the-client
    - [X] https://trello.com/c/GI4R8ac9/146-remove-devicetype-deviceuid-from-create-login-flows
- [X] banUser api
- [X] usernameIsAvailable scope
- [X] broadcast.description optional
- [-] pubnub
  - [X] spec
  - [ ] api
  - [ ] client
  - [ ] test
- [ ] Debug with AWS support

* 02/15/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today and took Leche for a walk up the hill. Came
back and made scrambled eggs with goat cheese. Leche got some too and
loved it.

Deployed some patches before our all hands test at noon. Scheduled
call with AWS support about the issue I filed yesterday.

Worked on some internal admin features.

Made foil fish with zuchini, peppers and onions.

Overcast and pretty cold today. Rained for a bit.

Did my 100 pushups while looking at an old bug ticket. Friggen tired,
going to bed soon. Will wake up early and start the 5x5 program
again. GVT is too straining right now

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Foil fish
- [X] Schedule Tim invitation

*** Glow
- [X] Deploy patches
- [ ] Sync with James about pubnub vs long poll
- [X] Spec admin work
  - [X] removeUser
  - [X] banUser
    - [X] block on user createLoginLink
    - [X] block on invitation
    - [X] test
* 02/14/2022
** Summary
Today I woke up at 7:50am and took Leche for her morning walk up the
hill. I made a whey protein, pb powder, beat root powder and banana
smoothie for breakfast.

Standup at 9am and deployed last Friday's code with Wolfram
driving. Fixed the issue he ran into last week on his build tools.

Small potatoes work today. Productionized the web client and moved
some static files from api to there.

Had lunch with Mariana at a poke place after finding out this ceviche
spot was closed. Went to the park to walk around after.

Spent the rest of the afternoon debugging why worker metrics weren't
reporting and emailed AWS support to investigate. Made a few config
changes to our queuing system in order to clear out the backlog of
running workers. I think it'll help with the "ancient workers" problem.

Sent Auntie Fran and Jacob a text nudge to remind them of the wedding
vows ceremony. Auntie Fran says she didn't get her invite which was a
bummer! Sent it in text to which she confirmed she and Uncle Ben can't
make it because of their 40th wedding anniversary.

However, Jacob and his partner are going which will be fun. Most of
Mariana's side can make it so it'll be nice for my family to meet more
of hers.

Took Leche on 4 walks today. Had mac & cheese for
dinner. Mixed in ground turkey from yesterday. Didn't stick to the
"only fish" rule on M-Th as the food was already cooked from yesterday
and it saved time in the day. Tomorrow, I'll freeze it and make up for
today with this weekend's meal.

Thought more about the IV problem in privatize. Not sure how git-crypt
is uses a sha1 hmac for the IV. If the encryption IV is based on the
contents of the unencrypted file, how can we get that for use as IV
for decryption? By that point, the file is already encrypted so you'd
have two different sha1 hmacs. I'm sure I'm missing something here.

Did my 100 push ups just now and wrote this. Will go to bed and
probably listen to binaural music as I drift off. Terrible dreams last
night, had me cloudy for the better half of the day.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 push ups
- [X] Nudge family
- [X] Ceviche lunch
- [X] Deposit restaurant
*** Glow
- [ ] Ancient workers

217 for 66255f63-71e5-403c-bc51-8098f64a53f1/e391c39f-41a6-4996-84c3-4788cb04acf5/8664dd54-904a-43e5-8d89-1f358de8585a
218 for a9615b47-2828-42b2-975e-fa31da31d819/0b753df7-b057-4a56-91a4-27dba2d57263/83db93cd-3248-4e75-901a-8cb4878604e7
181 for a9615b47-2828-42b2-975e-fa31da31d819/9d8387ba-310d-41c5-8530-34ae7b59c2c7/e019cb60-922e-405c-96c0-10e65aadc9e9
218 for 66255f63-71e5-403c-bc51-8098f64a53f1/e391c39f-41a6-4996-84c3-4788cb04acf5/8664dd54-904a-43e5-8d89-1f358de8585a

MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 11 exit listeners added to [process]. Use emitter.setMaxListeners() to increase limit
MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 11 SIGINT listeners added to [process]. Use emitter.setMaxListeners() to increase limit
MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 11 SIGHUP listeners added to [process]. Use emitter.setMaxListeners() to increase limit

* 02/13/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 9am today and made some tea before heading out on the
Palms Puppy Pack walk. Mariana joined today. Largest crew yet:
Jonathan, Karla, Hind, Mariana, Lexi. Went on the same path. It was
pretty hot today. Went for an hour, got back and drank some ice water.

Went to Trader Joes to pick up food for the week and for the game day.

Mariana went swimming and I worked out. Did chest exercises (GVT,
bench, dips and pushups). I took a shower and started preparing the
food for the Super Bowl. Made turkey lettuce cups and "buddings beef"
rolls.

Game was fun, everyone had their computers out and half watched the
game and commercials. Half time show was entertaining too. Great that
the game was so close. LA won and a few fireworks were fired in our
neighborhood.

Marie stayed after for a while and chatted. Took Leche on her night
walk. Came back to write these notes.

Going to watch Halt & Catch Fire and go to bed. I'd like to start
running again and am leaning towards buzzing my hair at the end of
this year, pretty hot when its long.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [ ] Nudge family
- [ ] Intro Islam and Riley

* 02/12/2022

Yesterday, I woke up at 9am and played with expo.io tools before
having a call with Jeff Zie to catch up and talk about his app. We met
on focusmate and when he was looking for a mobile engineer. At the
time, I couldn't pick up another contract but told him I would point
him toward others who could.

Had enough time to get a good feel for the expo tools and like what I
see. Need to test one more feature before deciding to go with it.

Went to the dog park with Leche and Mariana to meet her friends and
their dogs. We were there from 2pm-4pm. Leche is great at fetch and
return until other dogs are around. At one point she bolted across the
park to chase a squirrel up a tree. A horny dog kept following her
trying to hump incessantly.

We went to Ronan for dinner at 5:45pm. They sat us in stinker table
and I asked for another one. The food was not great. Focused more on
looks than taste.

Drove around for a minute before heading over to the Grove for our
movie night (West Side Story). On the way over, I changed lanes to
avoid a car who had stopped in the middle of the right lane. Signaled
and did so with enough notice for the car behind me. He got pissed and
drove to the oncoming traffic stopped at the light to yell all drunk
like through his window at me. Didn't engage, figured he was drunk or
high but he was unnecssarily angry for something he had complete
control over. He really wanted to fight too, drove backwards at the
light to roll up and yell stuff.

Walked around the grove and had an ice cream from an old fashioned
creamery. Walked some more to Zara where Mariana looked at
clothes. Made our way to AMC, got popcorn and water and Mariana got a
coke. The movie was long. Laughed when it first started because the
opening snapping fingers scene made me think of the angry gangster
driver doing the same to get his frustration out.

Came home, took Leche for a night walk and watched another Halt &
Catch Fire.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Play with expo tools
- [X] Call with Jeff
- [ ] Nudge cousin and Aunt & Uncle

* 02/11/2022
** Summary
Yesterday I woke up at 6:30am and got ready to take Leche for her
grooming appointment at 8:15am. We went on a short walk around the
block. She loved the trip to PetCo, sitting in the front seat.

Came back for standup and to deploy patch version of the api. Wolfram
drove and I navigated this time as we recorded for
posterity. Discovered his cpu architecture meant we need to change the
build and deploy scripts to get it working for him. He'll fix and
drive the next deploy too.

Focused on some bug fixes all day. Small but impactful. Gave my weekly
updates via whatgotdone.com

Leche played with Ziggy in our driveway for about 45min before
dinner. Good to catch up with Sam and Elle who've been very
busy. Invited them over for snacks on Sunday and to loosely watch the
SuperBowl.

Got `privatize` in a workable state for use but as I wrote the README
I realized I should re-write the encryption scheme. Basing this off
`git-crypt`'s note on security. I should ping that author when
done. Showed Tim and asked for his input.

Tomorrow, I'll have a call with Jeff Zie and get familiar with the
latest mobile react native tooling. We'll go to the park at 2pm and
then have a date night at The Grove (dinner and West Side Story).

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Pushups
- [X] Leche groomer
- [X] Privatize
- [ ] Nudge Aunt, Uncle & Cousin re Wedding
- [ ] POC mobile project
- [ ] SuperBowl food ideas
  - [ ] Queso -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NYxvS8eSXs
  - [ ] Lumpia
  - [ ] Buddings beef rolls!
  - [ ] Big ass salad to cut the pain
  - [ ] Sparkling water
  - [ ] Sparkling juice
  - [ ] Fruit slices
  - [ ] Guacamole
  - [ ] Super nachos
  - [ ] Jerk chicken wings
  - [ ] Deviled eggs
  - [ ] Sausage in a blanket
  - [ ] Quesadillas
  - [ ]

*** Glow
- [X] Deploy code
- [-] Double joined message
  - [X] PR up
  - [ ] merged
- [X] James PR
- [X] Test createHUD starts for new broadcast
- [ ] Move api static assets to glow-app
* 02/10/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am today after some pretty deep sleep. Took Leche for
our walk and made a smoothy for breakfast (whey protein, peanut butter
powder, frozen blue berries, half a frozen banana, beet root
powder...not my finest work).

AWS support replied and their answer fixed the metrics problem (silent
reserved variable name...what luck). Added the unit to the metrics and
problem solved.

Started to deploy new cluster for workers but didn't finish it before
call with Billy and then all hands where we tested the product. Its
getting there. Hoping by end of this month we'll have it ready.

Wrote a spec for how to deploy and will pair with Wolfram tomorrow
while he drives the deploy. He'll do the rest of the deploys until
after our wedding for bus factor and the share that responsibility.

Cousin Josh said he can't make it to the wedding which is a bummer but
good to hear from him. Ping Danielle Baskin on twitter to point out a
bug on one of her product pages. Pretty interesting work.

Threw the ball with Leche and took a walk after work. Fixed the
checkout problem on `git-privatize` and am nearly finished (still need
to get `git-unlock` working). Did my GVT legs and deadlift
exercises. GVT is great but I need to do it more often to feel the
progressive effects. At my current pace, its over a week before I do
the same exercises and I don't feel much stronger.

Unclogged the bathroom sink filled with hair. Nasty smell in those
pipes. Also, we've got a done of stuff hidden under the bathroom
sink. Reminds me of stat-mech or what Kevin Favro (approximately) said
one time: space gets filled.

Took a shower and tried on my wedding suit. It fits well. Kinda tight
in the knees but I think we'll be fine.

Made a tuna salad (lettuce, cabbage, arugula, cheese, tuna, almonds,
italian dressing) and watched Halt & Catch Fire episode. It's good,
but I'm looking forward to being done with it. Too much TV too fast.

We're going on a walk now and then to bed for early rise. Leche has a
bath tomorrow at 8:15am.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Leg day
- [X] 100 pushups
*** Glow
- [X] CloudWatch metrics
- [X] Workers on own cluster

* 02/09/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8am today. 6:30am first but no goal in mind. I think
doing pushups within the first 3minutes of waking up would be good.

Did some Duolingo in bed before starting the day. Answered a question
in slack before taking Leche on a short walk around the block. Came
back to standup. Focus today was to figure out why ecs tasks were
falling over. API was getting marked unhealthy even though no logged
crashes. Hit the health check with 5rps to determine it wasn't falling
over due to our health check conditions. Figured that the shared
resources of workers were causing all tasks to
collapse/restart. Temporarily disabled that worker until I design a
better system to manage it.

Will see how the API has faired tomorrow during all hands test.

Made a shrimp + tofu curry over rice. Had a second slice of chocolate
babka today with Mariana while we watched Halt & Catch fire. Too much
cake in these last two days. That stuff is great but I got flush with
all that sugar. Went for a walk with Leche to clear it.

Worked on privatize and fixed the git diff issue. Need to figure out
whats going on with checkout, add an unlock feature and do some code
clean up before I publish.

Watched a Ted talk that was on my queue about mitochondrial
health. Basically eat more leafy greens. A goal like: "9 cups of leafy
greens per day" would be solid.

Nudged my family about the wedding date, got a few more replies.

Tomorrow, I'll design the new worker cluster so we are properly
isolated from API.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Nudge wedding guests
- [ ] Privatize diff
*** Glow
- [X] Investigate why api restarts
- [X] Disable createHUD worker for the time being
- [X] Test multiple workers
* 02/08/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am today and did Duolingo first thing. I made a protein
shake with whey, peanut butter, banana and water. Soaked the oats
overnight. Made oatmeal for Mariana.

Did GVT OH press (10x10) and pushups. Watered the plants whilst. Quick
cold shower after. Took Leche on our morning walk. Returned to setup
CloudWatch metric filters and deploy patch version of API. CloudWatch
metrics are only partially configured, have a ticket for support to
address.

Our all hands was delayed till Thursday as there are some issues with
the build to address.

Had a salad with tuna for lunch.

Went to Sabrina's and Ulysse's for Ulysses's birthday. Dinner was
delicious and Sabrina made a great cheesecake too.

Left at 10:15pm and am going to bed now (11:00pm)

Tomorrow, I will wake up early and do my pushups asap.

I'd like to deconstruct the worker problems tomorrow after noting
taking some small issues off the backlog.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Workout
- [ ] Double feature movies
- [ ] Nudge wedding guests
*** Glow
- [ ] Setup metrics
  - [ ] Metric values aren't stored
- [X] Deploy patch api
- [ ] Compare ECS restart events with CPU utilization
- [ ]
* 02/07/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 7am today and made eggs for Mariana, me and Leche. It was
Mariana's first day of her new job and she wanted to get there by
8:30am. Her new office is super close in Culver City.

Took Leche on her morning walk before standup. A shorter walk since we
didn't have time for the full up the hill one. After standup I
deployed the latest APIs in production and debugged the chat issue
with James. There were a few issues we caught but it looks like
they're scoped to client-side changes. We'll test the new patch in
tomorrow's deep dive.

I found a new solution for the metrics problem using Cloudwatch
filtered metrics. At least I think I have. I need to prove it out
tomorrow morning before the all hands.

I did three batches of laundry throughout the day and picked up water
and groceries in my lunch hour. Bought the fancy water ($2/gal) this
time. Probably not worth it all the time but maybe once in a
while. We'll see if we can feel any difference.

I was pretty tired today after lunch. I didn't eat a whole lot. About
a 1.5 cups of cooked rice, 1 cup tuna fish + mayo and 1 cup
peas. Maybe too much sugar? This inspired the trip to TJ to pick up
some fiber powder, hoping that the lack of fiber is in my diet had
contributed to the lethargy. Will drink it before I go to bed and when
I wake up for a while. Also will eat more vegetables with every meal.

Made salmon, rice and mixed salad for dinner tonight. Salad dressing
was a homemade italian-ish dressing. Too garlic-y I think, but I'll
use less next time. Mariana had a good first day. She got put on CA
work which is great as it's what she's been looking for. The project
will take several years it sounds like and in that time she'll also
juggle smaller projects possibly.

We watched and episode of Halt & Catch Fire and are going to bed now
at 10:30pm.

Tomrrow, I'll wake up early exercise and have a protein shake. We'll
head to Sabrina & Ulysess' house for his birthday in the evening.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Workout
- [X] Laundry
- [X] water plants
- [ ] Message more NFT artists
- [X] Reply to customer
*** Glow
- [X] Watch API?
- [X] Deploy production, share keys
- [ ] Confirm chat messages works on dev
- [ ] Metrics via statsd
- [ ] Blue/Green workers


[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a) node:events:368
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)       throw er; // Unhandled 'error' event
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)       ^
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a) Error: write EPIPE
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at afterWriteDispatched (node:internal/stream_base_commons:164:15)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at writeGeneric (node:internal/stream_base_commons:155:3)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at Socket._writeGeneric (node:net:795:11)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at Socket._write (node:net:807:8)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at writeOrBuffer (node:internal/streams/writable:389:12)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at _write (node:internal/streams/writable:330:10)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at Socket.Writable.write (node:internal/streams/writable:334:10)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at pipeScreenshotToFFmpeg (/app/src/createHUDVideo.js:112:16)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at Timeout._onTimeout (/app/src/createHUDVideo.js:213:7)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at runMicrotasks (<anonymous>)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a) Emitted 'error' event on Socket instance at:
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at emitErrorNT (node:internal/streams/destroy:157:8)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at emitErrorCloseNT (node:internal/streams/destroy:122:3)
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)     at processTicksAndRejections (node:internal/process/task_queues:83:21) {
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)   errno: -32,
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)   code: 'EPIPE',
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a)   syscall: 'write'
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-createHUDVideo-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a) }
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-killZombies-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a) SIGTERM received. The service is about to shut down!
[2022-02-07T11:09:49-08:00] (development-workers/glow-worker-syncScreenshot-development/9d7e3aff41a44ca8a823ee20ffa8482a) SIGTERM received. The service is about to shut down!

* 02/06/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am today and did some duolingo on the toilet. I
wanted to wait to take Leche for her bathroom walk until we met up
with the neighbors for the weekly walk but she really had to go. Kiss
Mariana goodbye when she went to swim and took Leche to meet the
"Palms Puppy Pack".

We waited on the corner until 10:15 or so for everyone to show
up. Walked to Cheviot Hills and around the neighborhood. Good exercise
and nice to hear from the neighbors. We were back by 11:30 or so.

We got ready for our hike. Packed leftover salmon for Leche, made some
guacamole and packed them in a backpack with a jug of water. We went
to Lokal sandwich shop to pick up some bahn mi before heading to
Topanga Creek for the hike. The korean bbq bahn mi is pretty
good. Wasn't sold on their sandwiches until trying that one.

It took a while to get to Topanga creek. There was some volleyball
tournament or something going on in Malibu that cause lots of traffic
on the 1. Parked in our usual spot and made our way to the creek. It
was pretty overrun, moreso than usual. Walking on the side of the road
with Leche was a bit stressful. We made our way down the tunnel and at
the bottom, Mariana held onto Leche and handed her to me after I
climbed down. We had to pass her around like that a few times on our
hike/scramble to the swimming pond. She had a blast though. Would
anticipate where we were walking and find a path that made sense for
her. She loved it. Apparently she broke a nail sometime on our
scramble to the pond. Mariana was worried about her after seeing her
limping. We didn't know what the issue was but I saw that Leche was
mildly bothered by it. Figured she scratched the pad of her foot while
swimming.

We left the swimming pond after about 20 minutes because we missed the
sun. We hopped to find another smaller sunlit pond up the creek but no
luck. Instead, we drove up to Leo Carillo dog beach and stayed for a
few hours. It's not as liberal as Huntington beach is, allowing dogs
to run off leash but maybe there weren't that many people there. Leche
played fetch with a stick in the ocean and actually caught a big wave
once. She's not a big fan of the waves. If you throw the stick too
far, she look at you as if to say "you get it!".

We went back to shore to rest for a bit and get burried by an anxious
Leche who had to vent her frustration of not being able to chase every
dog or bird she saw by digging huge holes next to us. We played fetch
in the ocean a few more times before settling down to watch the sunset.

For the last 20min before the sunset she was particularly whiny. Any
bird would set her off. Mariana pointed out two dolphins who were
swimming next to shore. Amazing. They were less than 100 yards from us
and were maybe 40 yards from the water.

It took longer to get home than usual. Traffic on the 1. Listened to
Animal Collective's new album and some old tracks. Good vibes. I don't
know who said they are like the modern Beach Boys but today that fit
the bill.

I made shrimp pasta when we came back and we watched Halt and Catch
fire. One episode in the living room and another in bed where I write
this. I did my 100 push ups after dinner.

Tomorrow, I will wake up at 6:30am and do my shoulder/back
workouts. I'll also watch the rest of that egghead video on
chakra-ui. My focus in Glow will be to spec out a healthy long-running
worker system. It's Mariana's first day of work tomorrow. She's got
some butterflies but she'll do great. I hope the office space is
insipring and her coworkers and work environment are incredible.

* 02/05/2022
** Summary

Today I woke up at 8:30am and took Leche for her walk. Ran into
another neighbor and his dog (Nick and Sam) and invited them on the
dog pack walk tomorrow. Invited a few more people throughout the day
too.

I made avocado toast and eggs when we got back. Leche got one egg. I
had a good catch up call with Tim. Bounced some ideas off of him and
caught up on our lives.

After the call I walked Mariana to studio to pick up some
items. Mariana worked on her pottery and I got a nearly complete first
draft of `privatize` done. Need to figure out the diff attribute.

We went to the dog park for Leche to run around. She was pretty
well-behaved considering it had been over a year since we've let her
off leash at the park (not beach). The dog attack last year had us
pretty cautious. Anyway, was very attentive to the ball and frisbee
but later got more interested in dogs.

Spent some time brainstorming some ideas for game idea I had. I don't
think it's worth building this year so I won't focus more sessions of
thought on it.

Ate Lonzo's (peruvian) for dinner and watched another Halt & Catch
Fire with Mariana. She trimmed more clay pots and I wrote some more
notes on the side project to launch later this year.

Did my 100 push ups before the note writing hour and now I'm writing
this. Time for bed.

Tomorrow, we'll go on our neighborhood dog walk and the go to Topanga
Creek to hike and swim.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] 100 push ups
* 02/04/2022
** Summary
Caught up on sleep today and woke up at 6:30am but got out of bed at
7am. Did DuoLingo early (apparently you get a 2x points boost if you
do a lesson before noon). Took Leche on her walk and returned by
8:30am in order to drive to Trader Joes and CVS for the remainder of
Mariana's gift (batteries for latte stirrer, snacks from Trader Joes)

Had standup at 9am and noted the deploy would have some
downtime. Scheduled it for 5pm PT. Did a few "nice to have" features
and researched different Blue/Green solutions for workers.

This morning someone bought 10 units (at $10/unit) of
24HourHomepage. They emailed me to let me know the publish system was
broken. When I shipped the affiliate page I broke publish by including
picnic.css. During my lunch break I restyled the affiliate page by
hand and confirmed the publish system worked. I ate leftover salmon
for dinner.

After lunch, I made the "unlisted content" feature and got it to main
before the 5pm deploy. Deploy went mostly without a hitch but the
workers had to get patched because you can't trap SIGKILL in newer
versions of node. Was doing that to investigate Blue/Green solution.

Made zuccini, shrimp pasta and timed it for when Mariana got back. She
got her braces off and likes her teeth. Julieta cut her gums to make
them more aesthetic though I can't tell much difference. Her little
baby tooth is gone though. :(

We went to her pottery studio to pick up pots she made. Six or seven
this time. Great looking ones. We brought Leche to the studio. On the
way back, I held the pots and Mariana walked Leche. I get pretty
frustrated when Leche plays aggressive with Mariana jumping on her and
tugging the leash. Frustrating but nothing we can't work on. Sometimes
Leche just gets in these hyper "I need to play and I'm going to force
you to play" modes. We threw the ball earlier and she was great about
dropping it with treats to encourage her.

We watched two episodes of halt and catch fire and are heading to bed
where I write this. Leche is out our feet.

Tomorrow, I will wake up early do my pushups and review the roadmap
for the side project. Looking forward to catching up with Tim at 10am.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 push ups

*** Glow
- [X] Unlisted content
- [X] Make displayName optional
- [X] Deploy latest api
- [ ] Blue/Green workers
- [ ] Metrics

* 02/03/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:30am today half awake already. The kind of awake like I
woke up at just the right moment of dream cycle, not actually
rested. I stayed in bed for another 30 minutes before starting my
workout.

Chest day. I started with dips and pushups superset because I was
fatigued on the dips last time. That meant today's bench was super
fatigued after the 10x10 ss set. Took Leche on a walk and bought a
dozen eggs and some tea for Mariana.

Mike noted there was an issue with user search. Fixed and focused on
the HUD today. Made a few small but significant changes to that system
that I'll deploy off hours tomorrow or Saturday.

Had a call with Islam to catch up and chat about 2022 goals. Pinged
Riley as he might be a domain expert for one of his ideas.

Had beatroot + whey protein with workout. Ate cheesy eggs and toast
for breakfast. Salmon, rice and potatoes for lunch and dinner. Leche
ate half a piece of salmon.

We went on a few walks around the block today. Leche was pretty eager
to play. Invited Sam & Elle over for Ziggy + Leche playtime but Ziggy
was pooped from daycare. Threw the ball with Leche for 10min or
so. The best way to get her to drop it is with snacks. I should get
bigger pieces of meat to treat her because she really doesn't like
giving it up.

Spent half an hour working on privatize but I'm wiped and am going to
bed now. Will shower first and call Mariana before passing out the
moment my head hits the pillow

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 push ups
- [ ] Intro Islam to Riley
- [ ] Mail 2022 goals for ibash
- [X] privatize poc

*** Glow
- [X] killZombie worker
- [X] HUD logs
- [X] HUD worker resilience
  - [X] Worker runs for 3+ minutes without fail but CPU goes upwards of 200% (with 4 CPU locally). It doesn't fall over
- [ ] Spec: unlisted content
- [X] Confirm with James chat and stream keys

* 02/02/2022
** Summary
What a day. I woke up at 6:30am and again stayed in bed until
7:30am. I checked my notifications on my phone and saw James was
having some issues with the migration (and patch) last night. Ended up
spending the morning debugging that.

Before starting work though, I walked with Mariana to Commissary for
breakfast. I got a burrito and a matcha and was pretty alert from it
all day. The burrito there is amazing.

I hopped on our standup call and took notes for the team. Used
startingcondition.com which was a fun icebreaker. Took Leche on our
usual walk and returned in time to say goodbye to Mariana who is going
to TJ to take off her braces.

Thawed some salmon in the sink and continued debugging with James. Had
to make one patch this morning to a worker that was casting the wrong
type after the UUID work. Determined the issue was on client side.

Broke out the workers to run individually and gave them each
appropriate resources. Broke out the zombie system from one worker to
run as a standalone service. Will test it tomorrow. Before that,
investigated whether redis keyspace notifications would solve our
problem. They don't.

I baked the salmon then baked some potatoes and half a red onion in
the fish fat. At the salmon over rice with soy sauce. Potatoes are for
tomorrow. I gave Leche half a piece of salmon mixed into her bowl of
kibble.

I took Leche on two night walks. One at dusk and another after
dinner. I did my 100 pushups then spent this evening writing about a
new business I want to create on the side. I took three focusmate
sessions to get all the ideas out (some user stories, some
roadmapping). Pretty excited to work on it. There's a lot of work and
research to do before and I'll do it piecemeal in the early mornings
before I start my Glow responsibilities.

Tomorrow, I'll wake up and blast my pecs: GVT bench + dips, pushups +
farmer carry.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 push ups
- [ ] Amazon, research task
*** Glow
- [X] Screenshot debug
- [X] independent workers
- [X] increase dev instance size
- [-] killZombie worker
  - [X] implement
  - [ ] test
- [ ] Spec: unlisted content
- [ ] Confirm with James chat and stream keys

* 02/01/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:30am today but then went back to bed for 30min before
getting up to do my workout. I made a beetroot powder and whey protein
shake with the breakfast. Leg workout today, still doing GVT though I
haven't had the energy to do the full 10x10 set for legs since the
first day. Maybe I had breakfast before that workout? The last two leg
days were on an empty stomach (minus the shake I consumed during) and
I was gas'd by halfway through it. Did my pushups superset with the
squats and part of deadlift.

I took Leche on our morning walk. Uneventful mostly. The apartments on
Motor Ave have taken down their scaffolding. The new face of that
building looks nice with fresh stucco and paint.

Prepared the migration on dev and communicated it with team. At our
weekly meeting we did an all hands use of the product and founds some
bugs. I fixed a few of them today.

At lunch I went to the bank to withdraw money for the Mexico wedding
tables & chairs. I made a shrimp fried rice for lunch. Pretty
tasty. Leche got a 6 pieces of shrimp in total today. We threw the
ball for a little bit on one of our afternoon breaks. She wasn't as
interested in trading the ball for treats today.

I walked with Mariana and Leche to her studio class and we took the
long route back (by the restaurants). Some people were eating outside
the pizza/italian shop on motor. Never seen that, thought the place
was mostly for deliveries.

I deployed the dev migration while Mariana was at her class. James
found a bug with an external dependency we didn't catch. Patched it
and redeployed.

Some news in email from family today. Not the best news but all things
considered, it could be worse and am thankful we've got each other.

Jason's dog apparently needed stiches in her ear. I'll get the details
tomorrow but he asked for how to get an emergency sitter

Scheduled all the email wedding invitations for tomorrow morning. Will
text Uncle John his since he doesn't use email.

My feet hurt. Leg day plus walking on treadmill. Might watch something
with Mariana in bed but I'm wiped and will fall asleep.

I write this in bed with Mariana holding Leche. <3

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Add why Tecate (Mariana is from TJ)
- [X] Cash
- [ ] Send wedding invitations
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Leg day
- [X] Leche food & treats
- [ ] Taxes
- [ ] Spec books
*** Glow
- [X] screenshot interval
- [X] fix HUD chat credentials
- [X] Deploy UUID change
- [X] add int id
- [ ] Spec: unlisted content
- [ ] Confirm with James chat and stream keys
- [ ] increase dev instance size
- [X] HUD chat issue

* 01/31/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 8:30am today. Deep sleep from falling asleep to brain.fm
last night. I did wake up at 6:30am but caved and slept more. Tonight
i'm putting my phone further away so I can wake up for exercise.

Today was exhausting. Glow production is shipped and migrated. Had to
patch a config where we had configured a write node to with a
read-only setting. After that, started the UUID migration which has
gone on until now (10pm).

Took Leche to the pet store to pick up new food for her and some
dental treats. She loves the store and really, any car ride around
town. She's a great dog.

At sundown, took her with Mariana to her pottery studio to check if
any new glazed items came out. Returned where I fried up some kale and
left over chinese food to eat over rice.

I shared some ideas with Jeff Zie, who I met on focusmate a few months
ago. He's building a book app of some kind and I had offered to point
him in the right direction re mobile work.

I scheduled a call with Tim for Saturday. Been a while, looking
forward to that.

Tomorrow we finally get to send the wedding invitations out. It'll
take a while but I'll start in the morning after my exercise.

Tonight, I'm going to wind down with my 100 push ups and then read
more about type-graphql in bed before getting some shuteye.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Send wedding invitations
- [ ] 100 pushups
- [ ] Leg day
- [X] Leche food & treats
- [ ] Taxes
- [ ] Spec books

*** Glow
- [-] test production apis
  - [X] Create ES indexes
    - [X] b
    - [X] u
  - [X] deploy patch for type
  - [X] Invite myself
  - [X] See that user exists
  - [ ] Admin remove from waitlist
- [X] Waitlist removal will index user
- [ ] Spec: unlisted content
- [ ] Confirm with James chat and stream keys
- [ ] increase dev instance size
- [-] uuids
  - [X] schema
    - [X] b
    - [X] u
    - [X] u_blocks
    - [X] u_devices
    - [X] u_follows
    - [X] u_reports
  - [X] writes
    - [X] b
    - [X] u
    - [X] u_blocks
    - [X] u_devices
    - [X] u_follows
    - [X] u_reports
  - [-] test
    - [X] create u
    - [X] search for u, b
    - [X] follow
    - [X] block
    - [ ] Migrate String -> UUID4String on resolver inputs
      - [ ] auth.admin
      - [ ] auth
      - [ ] broadcast.admin
      - [ ] broadcast
      - [ ] notification
      - [ ] search
      - [ ] user.admin
      - [ ] user
      - [ ] userRelation
    - [ ] PR for mobile app

* 01/30/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 9:00am today and got ready for the neighborhood dog "pack
walk" with Leche. She was so excited. Pulled at the leash for nearly
the whole walk. Tired herself out about halfway through though
(pulling uphill is hard). Leche loved to lead and kept turning around
to see if her friends were following her. Zella, the dog who inspired
the group dog walk, was opening up with all the other dogs
around. Sweet dog.

I had a beet root, protein powder, banana and egg smoothy before the
walk. Also ate 3 hardboiled eggs before the walk.

After about an hour we were back home and Leche was overjoyed to tell
Mariana of her walk. Jumped on the bed, burried her face in the
blankets.

Mariana got ready for our day at the beach. I through the ball with
Leche for a bit. I now bring small treats to encourage her to drop the
ball when she returns it. It works, mostly but sometimes she is too
obsessed with chewing the ball to drop it.

We went to venice and parked on the road because I forgot to bring
cash. No trouble finding parking. Camped out just on the other side of
the big dune on the sloped hill. Good sun but coldish wind. Cold for
LA, it wasn't that bad.

I brought the mineral sunscreen in a small jam jar. Its pretty
thick. Takes some time to apply properly. I did a little duolingo and
started to read "Como Agua con chocolate" but didn't make it very
far. Needed to look up lots of words and didn't have the patience to
do that while battling the wind.

We stayed for two hours or so then went to the "Win-Dow" for
lunch. Mariana got two small fried chicken sandwiches (ate one) and I
got a kale salad and fried chicken sandwhich. The sandwhich is good
but needs hotsauce. With hotsauce, it'd be like a 9/10. Without, maybe
its a 6 or 7.

Came home to take Leche for a walk and play bacci ball on the lawn. I
got an early lead, Mariana caught up but I won. Some neighbors we
didn't know gave a "I hope she wins!" cry as they walked past with
their baby.

Before the game started I chatted with our neighbor Chris who works at
the SoFi stadium in LA which is hosting the Superbowl this year. He
said the NFL basically commandeered all operations but require a
subset of existing staff to participate. There was some bureaucratic
non-sense about not letting those who don't need to be there be
there. Who wouldn't want to work the superbowl?

Had leftover soup Mariana ordered from the Chinese restaurant. It
wasn't very good, kinda cheap noodles and broth. I added leftover
salmon for some protein. I think I'll eat more lettuce this week, not
enough leafy greens lately.

I sent about 10 or so messages to artists about joining
24HourHomepage. It felt good. I think 5 a day, in the morning, is a
reasonable goal while I am juggling full time work. I also sent a
LOOONG overdue update to existing 24HourHomepage customers and
affiliates. I asked them if they'd be interested in an embedded
version of the site on their website/newsletter. I'll only build it if
some say they would install it.

Tomorrow, I'll take my leg day workouts in the morning. Take Leche on
a walk and briefly test the production infra (user create). Big goal
tomorrow is to get UUID feature written and tested. Will need to get
Leche more food at lunch.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Taxes
- [ ] Spec books
- [ ] Leche food & treats
- [X] Beach
- [X] Laundry
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Email 24HourHomepage customers
- [X] Rent
- [X] Petco appointment
- [X] Haircut appointment
*** Glow
* 01/29/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8:30am today and took Leche for a walk. The neighbor
(Hind) and her skidish dog (Zella) followed us on our walk up the hill
to help socialize Zella. On the route we me another neighbor (Neil,
owner of Charlie) and invited him to a regular dog "pack" walk. We'll
do our first one tomorrow with Jonathan and Inez. Neil said he can't
make it tomorrow.

Had breakfast (4 eggs, toast, strawberries, tea) with Mariana. Tough
talk about family (the recent chat with my brother). Spoke of
different futures of living in LA and plans to save. Good
talk. Mariana went to swim with Paulina and I worked on Glow.

I fixed the EC2 autoscaling issue on dev and deployed prod. Saw that
ec2 stabilized in both enironments but the workers were restarting
every 90 seconds or so. Turns out, I built the image with the dev
envs. Redeployed and everything is smooth on that env.

We went to Nordstom Rack to find a black tie, black shirt for the
wedding. Got a tie and belt but will get the shirt in TJ. Mariana got
some shoes and a shirt for her new job.

Stopped at Target for Mariana to get some more clothes for the job. I
stayed in the car and practice Spanish en Duolingo. Came home worked
for a bit more before watching a few episodes of Halt and Catch
fire. Heading to bead now where I'll fall asleep and Mariana will tell
me about the rest of the show in the morning.

Tomorrow, I'll do leg exercise in the morning then go on the "Palms
Puppy Pack" walk at 10am. We'll head to the beach for a few hours if
its nice out.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 push ups
- [X] Nordstrom rack
- [X] Petco appointment
- [ ] Pitch 20 people on twitter
*** Glow
- [ ] Spec: unlisted content
- [ ] Confirm with James chat and stream keys
- [ ] increase dev instance size
- [X] autoscaling group
- [X] Deploy production environment, piecemeal
  - [X] infra
    - [X] containers
      - [X] deploy
    - [X] lambda
* 01/28/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:30am today but was in a zombie mode reading. Took Leche
on our walk at 8am, she was pretty sluggish for most of the walk.

Goal today was to get the full production stack up but had some
interrupts because the worker wasn't running. When we cut over to the
api subdomain, we didn't update an env var referencing that URL and
the workers didn't fail gracefully. Patched that and learned that our
dev system is severly under resourced. That's fine for now since
production is coming online where we won't be as constrained.

Once it is up, we'll need to run audits to see how many concurrent
users can do a particular feature. Some possible improvements there on
resolving lack of heartbeats. Look into redis notifications when a
document is expired.

Also, discovered that our autoscaling groups were confirgured
wrong. Going to fix that tomorrow while no one is on the sytem.

Took Leche on a few walks. She got to see the neighborhood pig
(Ramona) again. She was excited nearly the whole time, trying to run
over for play. Ramona wasn't having it. Leche didn't bark this time
but still room for improvement in her approach.

Speaking of which, there is a lady in our neighborhood who is training
her dog insanely well. This 60lb dog sat ONTOP of a fire hydrant
wating for her owner. She gave her paw to shake while balancing on the
hydrant. Alternated paws.

I sold the "Bartisian" machine Mariana got as a white elephant gift
that neither of us use. $180 to someone on craigslist.

We ordered chinese for dinner and started to watch "Halt and Catch
Fire" a show about a computer company in Texas in the 80s.

Going to watch one more HCF episode before sleep. Tomorrow I'll fix
the ECS deploy issue, start messaging on 24HourHomepage again.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [ ] Robin hood

**** On Mind
- [ ] 24HourHomepage weekly outreach target
  - [ ] crawl twitter tools
  - [ ]
      """
I run a creative art/advertising project: 24HourHomepage.com
I think your NFTs would look great on it and would generate sales for you.
If you're interested in hearing more, hmu.
Justin



I run a creative art/advertising project: 24HourHomepage.com
I think your NFTs would look great on it.
If you're interested in hearing more, hmu. ✌️
Justin
      """
  - [ ]
- [ ] Email affiliates
- [ ] Email growth list about the project
- [ ] 24HourHomepage twitter?
- [ ] Grow twitter following
- [ ] Prototype book idea
- [ ] `privatize` tool
- [ ] Add to gym

*** Glow
- [X] Investigate HUD link
- [ ] Spec: unlisted content
- [ ] Modify autoscaling group's health check type ELB -> EC2
- [-] Deploy production environment, piecemeal
  - [-] infra
    - [X] ssl search
    - [X] deploy prod website
    - [X] search
    - [X] cloudfront
    - [-] containers
      - [X] api vars
      - [X] workers vars
      - [X] create keys for lambda (and other services)
      - [ ] deploy
    - [ ] lambda

* 01/27/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 6:30am today but was in deep sleep. I spent about 20min
writing down my dreams while on the toilet. My workout started at
about 7am. I had beetroot powder mixed with whey protein powder.

I did two supersets: A) 10x10 pullups, 10x10 ring rows, B) 10x10
overhead press, 10x10 pushups. Felt good to mix in body weight
exercises, will do again.

Today I started to deploy our production infrastructure. I had to
pause that work to investigate an issue with dev. Apparently the
cloudwatch metrics lib was causing workers to crash. Reverted the
offending commits and will readdress after prod is up. A few more
services to deploy tomorrow.

Had some rough chat messages with Joey. Hoping that we'll talk again
in the future. That was on my mind for most of the day, will mediate
before sleeping.

Felt noticeably more distracted today. I suspect because of the
difficult messages earlier. Possibly also because deploying the new
infrastructure leaves plenty of idle time.

Before sleep, I'm going to change the styling on startingcondition.com
(so it looks okay on mobile), take Leche for a walk and then take a
shower.

Oh! On my walk with Leche this morning she took a huge poop that got
stuck to her butt. She couldn't pinch it so, with the bag, I helped
her but jeez was that a mistake. Poop everywhere. Came home to wash
her with soap and water.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] startingcondition style (mobile)
*** Glow
- [-] Deploy production environment, piecemeal
  - [-] infra
    - [X] vpc
    - [X] s3
    - [X] iam
    - [X] logs
    - [X] databases
    - [X] alb
    - [X] asg
    - [X] bastion
    - [ ] search
    - [ ] containers
      - [ ] api vars
      - [ ] workers vars
      - [ ] create keys for lambda (and other services)
    - [ ] lambda
    - [ ] cloudfront

* 01/26/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am today. 6:30am came and went. Again, didn't set a goal
for the morning so didn't wake up to do it. Tomorrow I will wake up at
6:30am and do my weight exercise (superset: 10x10 pull ups + air
squats, 10x10 oh press + ring rows)

The cloudwatch problem was solved instantly with fresh eyes: the task
needed to declare the network bridge. After some IAM roles
back-and-forth, tested that it worked and deployed it.

The remainder of the work day was spent estimating sizing for
production. Wrote a proposal that I'd like to build tomorrow.

Mariana and I had lunch at the neighborhood thai place. I ate crab
fried rice as I'm only eating fish M-Th this year. It might be the
best lunch dish in the neighborhood. Not too heavy and delicious.

My back was strangely tight all day. Slept on it wrong I think. After
work, I hung upside down for about a minute, maybe less. It's been a
while since I've done it. Great mental training too. I did my 100 push
ups before going outside.

I called my Mom who was feeling sick yesterday from the second
vaccination dose. She's feeling better today. Left a voicemail for
Joey and will text tomorrow morning.

Kinda wiped so I'm going to draft ideas for a 24HourHomepage
embeddable ad and go to bed in order to wake up early! After the
workout tomorrow, I'll take Leche on a walk and start drafting my new
outreach plan.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Call Mom
- [ ] Text Jacqueline & Jered
- [X] Deliver Claudia & Servando's 2022 challenges

*** Glow
- [X] Cloudwatch metrics
- [X] Add metrics to workers
- [X] Deploy metrics code
- [X] Production sizing doc
- [ ] Deploy production
- [ ] VPN access to admin

* 01/25/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:30am today. Actually, a about 5 minutes before. Leche
was trying sneak on the bed as she does when the sun is about to
rise. She wasn't very stealthy so I pushed her off. My phone was in
the other room and I hoped it was still early morning in order to
catch a few more hours of sleep. Five minutes later or so the alarm
went off.

Anyway, I was energized enough to start the day with a workout. I made
a protein, beatroot, banana, oatmeal, eggwhite smoothy and started my
chest workout. I moved the blender into the laundry room so as to not
wake up Mariana.

I superset bench press 10x10 at 130lbs with Ring dips 10x10. I
couldn't do the dips to completion but it was better than the last
time I did them. I finished the workout with 4 sets of 25 reps of pushups.

I walked to 7/11 to get milk for Mariana. She threw a mini tantrum
about not having milk last night for cereal or cookies. I got home by
7:55am and took a shower. Leche didn't want to go on our morning walk
but eventually she got out of bed. We went up the hill, she did two
big poops and she went back to bed.

This morning I finished some polish work for Glow and researched
cloudwatch metrics. We had our all hands and look close to launch. I
deployed the latest API. Cloudwatch metrics need an agent running
with each api. Investigating that tomorrow.

I felt great nearly all day. The great feeling of migrating off
rewardful, waking up early and blasting my pecks. Good energy.

Had some chats with Mariana about seating arrangements for summer. I'm
not going to stress about it until we get RSVP. It is silly to do the
planning when each RSVP yes/no changes the arrangement. It's fun,
yeah, but it's wasted effort until we know who is coming.

Help Mariana carry two pots to the kiln for firing. Cooked some frozen
shrimp to eat with leftover Berkeley Bowl stirfry for dinner. Leche
got 3 shrimp mixed into her food.

We walked to the pottery studio to pick up Mariana for the night and
returned to watch the last episode of Ozark season 4 part 1. Going to
bed at 10:45pm though I may put on some meditative music to helpf fall
asleep.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Spec out embeddable 24hourhomepage
- [X] Get measurements for gym
*** Glow
- [X] Filter ancient records from search
- [X] Return version to client
- [ ] Cloudwatch metrics
- [ ] Dashboards we care about:
  - [ ] requests per minute
  - [ ] http status code per minute
  - [ ] response time
- [X] Deploy patch version
- [ ] Spec out production load test
- [ ] Sync with James about broadcast context

* 01/24/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8:30am today after not sticking the 6:30am landing. I'm
going to move my phone to the other room. When I keep it in the room
within arm's reach, I pretty regularly wake up just to tap it to
sleep. No bueno.

After standup I deployed the waitlist site with Albert. Some back and
forth to get the terraform config right. Great tool.

Walked with Mariana to her clay studio to pick up the rest of the
wedding gifts. They look great. Folks are going to love them.

Worked on some other polish tasks before the work day was done. Went
to Trader Joes to pick up a curry sauce, ended up getting the week's
groceries too.

Made a veggie curry with like 5 vegetables. I honestly don't know
which vegetables go well with each other but know that beyond a 5 in a
curry it runs the risk of getting muddled crazy flavor.

This was great though. Added super firm tofu and ate over rice.

On the way back from Trader Joes, found $10 bill in our
driveway. Yoink.

From about 7pm till 10:30pm I coded up, tested and migrated off of
getrewardful.com. Fine to use that service for a little bit but better
to manage myself (no cost).

It's almost 11pm now, I'll take Leche for a walk and wind down for
bed. I'd like to wake up and do my chest workout early tomorrow
morning.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Migrate off rewardful (fuck yeah!)
*** Glow
- [-] Deploy waitlist site
  - [X] Create bucket
  - [X] Create IAM role to upload to s3 bucket
  - [X] Initialize git-crypt in glow-website
  - [X] Create scripts/s3_upload based on IAM key stored in glow-website/secrets
  - [X] Run script
  - [X] Submit PRs
  - [X] Setup DNS redirect to cloudfront
  - [X] Setup CORS
  - [ ] Test SMS hits phone number
  - [X] Cloudfront not redirecting properly (/* to index)
- [X] Increase auth sessions to 60 days (refresh, 90 days)
- [X] Emoji problem
- [X] Font size problem
- [ ] Production sizing
* 01/23/2022
** Summary

Today I woke up at 8:30am naturally after going to bed around 2am. We
had friends over for pizza party and stayed up late talking with them.

I made a beat powder + protein powder + banana + milkshake for
breakfast. Made scrambled eggs with bellpeppers, zuccini and cheese
for Mariana and I.

We took Leche on her long walk up the hill.

We went to Venice for an afternoon at the beach. First to Ray Ban
store to pick up some sunglasses for me for the wedding. Mariana wants
them for outside pictures I think.

We parked the car and walked to the beach where there was a new huge
sand dune made. Kids were sliding their boogy boards down it. Others
were running down it into the ocean. Kids loved it.

I took a short nap with my shirt on my face and meditated to binaural
tone. Marie joined us and chatted with Mariana for a few hours.

We left around 5pm with plans to meet Simon at 6pm. Mariana stopped at
Everlane first to buy some new shoes and pants for her new job.

I took Leche on a quick bathroom walk before heading over to Simon's
with her.

We got to Simon's and set up Catan before ordering our takeout
food. Cuban. Simon and I got bistec de pollo and Mariana got ropa
vieja. We returned to eat and play our first game. Simon won in a blow
out. We went to his apartment's jacuzzi. After 10min or so, other
neighbors joined us. We stayed in the jacuzzi for about half an hour.

We returned to see a happy Leche greeting us. We played another game
of Catan. This board was more fairly distributed. I had a strong lead
for most of the game and would have ended it earlier had Mariana not
pulled a sneaky move to intercept my vision of longest road. It set me
back but eventually I got it from her and won the game.

We returned home where I took Leche for another short walk and we
emptied and loaded the dishwasher. I did my 100 push ups, typed this
summary and am about to take a shower before heading to bed. We'll
watch one episode of Ozark in bed.

Also, early today my Dad emailed me an email with "Alex is okay, but"
subject. I thought it was a revival of a thread from last year where
he got into a rear end accident. It was not. He broke his left arm
pretty badly while snowboarding. No bueno. He's okay after surgery and
is resting at the Mt House now. Glad he's okay.

* 01/22/2022
** Summary
Woke up around 8:30am today after staying awake until around 1:30am to
watch the first four episodes of Ozark season 4. We capped it at 3
episodes but then were talking in bed and couldn't sleep for a few
hours so we watched one more episode. Made it nearly through all of
the last episode without falling asleep.

Made a beatroot + banana + milkshake for breakfast and had 4 scrambled
eggs. Made 3 fried eggs, 2 for Mariana and one for Leche.

I hopped on a focusmate call to do the 2022 goals paperwork. It took
maybe 2.5 hours, maybe less, to get all the cards written. Next year,
it'd be good to get a label maker system or make it all digital with
some nice physical touch. Something easier to automate but with a nice
touch.

Mailed all the dollars for the addresses I knew about. Leche enjoyed
the new walk we took.

Came home and cleaned the stove top, kitchen counters and bathroom
sink before guests arrived. Got to diddy with the guitar for a bit
before chopping veggies for the pizza party.

Did my 100 push ups then took a quick cold shower. My energy levels
were somewhat low, Mariana commented on it a few times. Mostly from
the junk food I had last night (milkshake and popcorn), lack of sleep,
and feeling like the yearly goals work ate up too much of the day.

The party was fun and the pizza was good. It was pretty loud
sometimes, even with music off or low, with everyone shouting their
conversations at each other. Maybe two or three simultaneous
conversations.

We chat for a few hours before I got out some dice to play "sixes" for
one round. After that, we played Exploding Kittens for two
rounds. Everyone loved the game. Less so the second round since people
were getting tired and their tempers short.

I took Leche out twice during the Exploding Kittens games. Once for
pee, once for poop. She has started going to the laundry room to
indicate she needs to go out. Odd since we exit through the front door
nearly all the time.

Going to bed after the guests leave. Tomorrow, we'll go to the beach
for a bit, buy some sunglasses for me (for the wedding), check out
some clothing stores for Mariana's new job then head to Simon's in the
evening for Settlers of Catan and jacuzzi. We'll pick up empanadas for
Empanada Place

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Send 2022 Dollars
- [X] Make pizzas for party

* 01/21/2022
** Summary
** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Trim beard and shave
- [X] 100 push ups
- [ ] Prepare dollars
- [X] Make pizza dough
- [X] Leche dog food
*** Glow
- [X] zombie procs
  - [X] worker aborts if heartbeat drops
  - [X] worker calls /forceStop
  - [X] test
  - [X] initialize returns a hash of the broadcast for imStillHere verification
  - [X] test
- [X] deploy code
- [X] new certs
- [X] Smoke test runbook
* 01/20/2022
** Summary
I didn't stick the 6:30am wake up this morning. I went through the
dream leveled justification of "I can do my workout at lunch", "I
already missed yesterday's early alarm what's another day?". No bueno.

Still, it was pretty lame I didn't do my workout early morning. No
guarantee I can get the workout in at lunch time (and I was pretty hungry).

Built a lot of glow features today. forceLogoutUser, fixed displayName
on search, started the zombie proc problem (2/3 done)

Did my workout and laundry during lunch. Did half of GVT (10x5) on
legs, just squat and deadlift.

Had a good call with Chase, to catch up and talk 2022 goals. Nice to
hear from old friends.

Booked hotels for our weddings (in SF and Tecate) and my Mom's flight
from PDX to SFO. Did my 100 pushups while waiting for Mariana.

Walked with Mariana to 7/11 so she could pick up milk and cereal for
dinner. I had left over salad and salmon.

It's 8:30pm now, I'm going to work on the affiliate migration and
finish up laundry before bed.

** Read
https://www.gutenberg.org/files/31516/31516-h/31516-h.htm
** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Leg day
- [ ] Trim beard and shave
- [X] 100 push ups
- [X] Book hotels (SF, Tecate)
- [X] Book Mom's flight
- [ ] Prepare dollars
- [X] 24HourHomepage -- Stylize the affiliate page
- [X] Laundry
*** Glow
- [X] forceLogoutUser
  - [X] setAccessToken
  - [X] forceLogoutUser
  - [X] test
    - [X] login twice
    - [X] see that `user_tokens_${userID}` hash exists
    - [X] manually expire one of the hash fields
    - [X] login third time
    - [X] see that expired key is pruned from the hash
    - [X] force logout
    - [X] see that no login key works
    - [X] see that all hash keys
- [X] TikTok sucks video notes
  - TikTok has a creator fund which get distributed amongst users who get views
  - It is a fixed amount, not percentage of revenue
  - Creator payout gets depreciated as TikTok gets more popular
  - Competitors who pay more (eg: Youtube Shorts, IG Reels) are not as
    enticing due partly to lack of culture there. Feed algorithm sucks
- [X] displayName search
- [-] zombie procs
  - [X] return URL early (reference template)
  - [X] imStillHere
  - [ ] worker aborts if heartbeat drops
  - [ ] worker calls /forceStop
  - [ ] initialize returns a hash of the broadcast for imStillHere verification
  - [ ] test

* 01/19/2022
** Summary
Today I woke up at 6:30am...then went back to bed... again! Went to
bed around 11-11:30pm or so but no excuse. Just unfocused morning
workout routine and not looking forward to blasting my legs. Will
continue this 3 times per week GVT program until March wedding though.

Had our standup at 9am where two new features were requested from
team. Built both of them today and cleared a few backlog tasks.

Had the shrimp + cabbage for lunch and a couple focusmete
sessions. Mariana got her second offer from the company she
interviewed at accepted a few hours later. Some back and forth
conversation with her about accepting the offer. Her gut was to say
yes but she wanted to talk out some of that decision.

I threw the ball with Leche in our driveway for a few minutes before
we had to head out to pick up our rings. Drove back and started
preparing dinner for Marie who just moved into town (Venice). We
discussed officiating our wedding. Mariana has a few hard rules for
that day which I'll respect.

Took Leche for a walk, came back did my 100 push ups and got Marie on
board for the 2022 yearly goal challenge.

Getting ready for bed though I may work on privatize for a bit.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Pick up rings
- [X] 100 push ups
- [X] Email Mona about music and reminder
- [ ] Book hotels
- [ ] Book Mom's flight
- [ ] Prepare dollars
- [ ] Stylize the affiliate page
*** Glow
- [X] Albert -- retry waitlist
- [X] Torin -- isFollowing
- [X] Torin -- popularSearches
- [X] Sync with Torin
- [X] git-crypt
- [ ] Suspend user

* 01/18/2022
** Summary

I woke up today at 6:30am but didn't stick it. Went back to bed for
2.5 more hours and finally got up at 9am. Not great. I need to give
myself more time to rest after returning home from a trip, I
underestimate the time to return to return.

Worked on fixing CORS for Albert on Glow as he was blocked. Discovered
an issue with our infrastructure which I patched during our all-hands
then scheduled a larger fix for 7pm-8pm later. The actual fix took
about 80minutes to fix because I had to destroy several AWS resources
before spinning up new ones.

I mailed the remainder of our wedding deposit to SF City Hall and
talked with Mariana about her job offers and prospects.

Sat down a few times today as returning to the standing desk treadmill
after 5 days off (and no exercise) was tiring. The knees feel it first
for some reason.

Had some fake chicken nuggets for lunch and a couple cucumbers. Made a
shrimp stir fry (green and purple cabbage, carrots, shrimp, garlic,
ginger) for dinner.

Took Leche on a walk to pick up Mariana from ceramics. On the walk we
passed a dog owner with his dog on a date outside Madre the mexican
restaurant. I stopped before passing with Leche and asked if it was
safe to pass the doberman who looked set on attacking Leche. He said
"yeah, he's friendly" but then had to pull him off as he lunged toward
her. Not cool.

Came home to wind down. Doing my push ups now before we finish the
last episode of MindHunter and hit the hay.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] 100 push ups
- [ ] Email Mona about music and reminder
- [ ] Book hotels
- [ ] Book Mom's flight
- [X] Reply to emails (Claudia)
- [ ] Prepare dollars
*** Glow
- [X] Cors
- [X] Deploy new infra (dev)
* 01/17/2022
** Summary

I woke up later today, probably around 9:30am or so. It's MLK day so
we had the day off and took advantage of that by sleeping in. I shared
the Spanish version of Wordle with Mariana and Maru. They both liked it.

I took Leche on her morning walk and returned to eat an omelette Maru
had made. 3-egg with asparagus and bell peppers and a chipotle cream
sauce. Delicious.

Dropped my car off to get it washed. Maru had a coupon which
apparently made it free.

I was a bit dizzy this morning. Odd. Not from any motion or
activity. Just a persistent feeling of dizziness for about 90minutes
in the morning. I was kind of worried by it so had a cup of black tea
thinking the vasodialating effects of caffeine would help. Maybe they
did. Maybe it was psychosomatic.

Afterward we went to pick up shoes for the wedding from BBB. Found
some nice ones with a squared/round toe. Mariana noticed a suit vendor
on our way out and said we should check it out. We went to Samborns
first to check if they sold the Spanish version of "Watch ya Mouth"
(the game we played during the holidays). They didn't. Went to a Torta
shop afterward. Had a milanesa which was too rubbery for my
tastes. Split flautas with Maru also who agreed they were too cold.

We went to the suit vendor afterward and tried on three suit
sizes. Two suit styles total. After much back and forth we bought the
all black suit with a white shirt. It will be slightly altered to make
the waste tighter and the legs longer. Suit, shirt and pocket square
were all less than $200 USD. Everyone was pretty impressed with
that. At that price I could wear a suit every day.

Returned home to pick up the car. Didn't know the coupon was for a
free service (I figured a discount). Returned home and packed car to
head back to LA.

Got back around 8:30pm and took Leche for her night-time walk. Had two
gorditas, about a cup of blueberries and two glasses of milk for
dinner.

We watched two episodes of MindHunter and have one remaining. Will
watch that this weekend probably.

Tomorrow, I'd like to wake up to do another leg day exercise and then
do the next task on the rewardful migration.

* 01/16/2022
** Summary

Today I woke up at 9:30am for breakfast with Mariana's
family. Breaksfast was scheduled for 11am so everyone showed up at
noon. We had gorditas from "Las Delicias" the breakfast spot we
love. Delicious.

Everyone stayed and chatted until about 4pm. Rafaella, Mariana's
neice, is crawling now and like to climb the stairs. We climbed with
her to make sure she didn't fall. She like feeding Leche crackers. I
took her to look at the other dogs (from through the screen
door). They seemed fine with her but when I bent down with her to wave
at them, they barked and scared her. Close call, nobody likes to make
baby cry.

Took Leche on a walk after everyone left and then stayed downstairs
and played with node's crypto package to encrypt streams from stdin. I
think I have all the pieces to make privatize. Some code
organizational questions to answer first (where does the key live?
user specified? an ignored dot file?

We had comida china for dinner. Noticably as good as Americanized
Chinese food. Took Leche on another walk to see if she would poop (did
not). Returned and did the dishes.

Going to watch more MindHunter before bed

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Privatize -- tool
  - [ ] test https://github.com/wangsijie/aes-encrypt-stream#readme
* 01/15/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8:30am today after attempting to watch a few episodes of
"Mindhunter" in bed last night with Mariana. Didn't get very far
before falling asleep. Pretty vivid dreams again.

We drove to Tecate to book the wedding venue for June. Met the event
manager who seemed more professional in person than over email. Drove
back to TJ, more traffic than usual.

Stayed at the house for a bit before going to Analeh's parents house
for an asada. Delicious meat, not sure what (if anything) it was
marinated in but muy sabrosa. We played simple game of chance called
"contento" where in you are dealt a card and have the choice to either
keep the card or switch with the person to your right unless you are
the last person in the turn in which case you can keep yours or switch
with the top card in the deck. The lowest card loses. Simple rules and
fun for the whole family.

The power went out in playas and so we talked by candle light for a
while. Around 10:00pm we packed it up and went home but were invited
to hang out at the airbnb for a bit before heading home. First we
brought Leche but then were unsure how she would be with the two dogs
at the house, so we brought her back. The airbnb was right around the
corner, so nbd.

One of the dogs at the airbnb was obsessed with playing fetch. He
wouldn't take no for an answer, kept dropping his ball in Alan
(Analeh's boyfriend) lap. I wanted to tire the dog out so through it
12 consecutive times before the dog tapped out.

We returned at midnight and might watch a show before bed, not much
obligations tomorrow other than breakfast at the house. Lazy Sunday.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Wedding venue visit
- [ ] Privatize -- tool
  - [ ] Stream-based write / encryption tool

* 01/14/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 6:30am today but re-set it for 7:15am. I think in order
for this rise before sunrise thing to work I need to declare what I
need to do within the first 15minutes of my alarm going off. There are
also services like BeeMinder which will take your money if you don't
do your stated goal.

Worked on Glow all day, had a call with half the team about the zombie
problem. Turns out the chat based solution won't work since we can't
add an SDK to a widget. We've got a possible solution but will need to
prototype one thing next week to see it through. It might mean two new
(hairy) systems on the backend.

Had a delicious chipotle cream salmon with rice for dinner. Talked
with Pablo about different sales projects.

Returned upstairs to finish the deploy. While it was deploying did
some product research and responded to emails.

The rest of tonight and (parts of this weekend), I'll work on the
rewardful migration.
** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 pushups
- [X] Text Joey
*** Glow
- [X] Deploy 0.10.0
- [X] Spec out new zombie system
- [X] POC video delayed update

* 01/13/2022
** Summary

Woke up at 6:30am but didn't have a plan so walked around the house
and went back to lie in bed to recall my dreams. Didn't
work. Eventually got out of bed at 7:15am, did a DuoLingo session and
responded to two pings at work.

Took Leche on a walk, ate frittata from yesterday and cottage cheese +
blueberries. Added some cottage cheese to Leche's food, she ate it
right up.

Had a call with Kevin Favro to discuss 2022 goals. Great to catch up
with him. Worked on Glow features (waitlist, zombie X problem) and
unblocked the zombie problem. Will test that on Friday.

Went to the bank at lunch to withdraw cash for the wedding deposit on
Saturday.

Packed and was on the road for TJ by 6:30pm. Arrived around
9pm. Stopped at Jack in the Box and ate chicken strips and fries for
dinner. Good but pretty oily, would've been nice to have some clean
food to degrease my mouth.

Took Leche for a poop walk when we got to TJ. Spent about 40min on
DuoLingo in bed and forgot to check-in this daily summary.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Go to bank
- [ ] Call Mom
- [ ] Call Joey
- [X] Catch up call with Kevin
- [ ] Privatize -- tool
- [ ] Design pulley based gym
- [-] Prepare 2022 goals dollars
  - [X] Acquire dollars
  - [X] Find sticker printer
  - [X] Make sticker
  - [X] Print stickers
  - [ ] Write letters
  - [ ] Mail letters
*** Glow
- [ ] Add username availability endpoint
- [ ] Zombie process
* 01/12/2022
** Summary

I woke up at 6:30am this morning and did my DuoLingo sessions while
waking up. I started my workout by 7:15am and finished by
8:15am. Another GVT (10x10) chest day, this time I superset my
exercises and tried to do a 4010 rhythm for the bench. I dropped the
weight to 100lbs so that I could do the full volume without hitting
failure. Not bad at all, chest wasn't nearly as on fire as last time.

Had beetroot powder mixed in water again. Maybe that helped with
indurance too.

Had about 30min before work to work on a 24HourHomepage feature (react
form to post affiliate data). Hoping to get some time on Saturday to
finish it up before deploying next week.

Finished out the waitlist Glow features.

At lunch hour I refilled our water and bought some fruit from Trader
Joes. Confirmed with venue that handing them money (and get receipt)
is best route forward (bank account number they gave was missing one
digit).

Threw the ball with Leche after work and went on a few walks with her
today. Going on one more right now before bed.

Will read more of crypto101.com (research `privatize`) for before
going to sleep.

*** Food
*** Drink
*** Fitness
superset 10x10 bench 100lbs, inclined push ups (10x10)
superset 10x10 ring dips, decliped push ups (7x10, started late)

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Call Bank
- [X] Workout chest
- [X] Water + Fruit
- [X] Email brothers
- [ ] Privatize -- tool
- [ ] Design pulley based gym
- [-] Prepare 2022 goals dollars
  - [X] Acquire dollars
  - [X] Find sticker printer
  - [X] Make sticker
  - [X] Print stickers
  - [ ] Write letters
  - [ ] Mail letters
*** Glow
- [X] Waitlist
  - [X] Tempoary lock username
  - [X] Don't index waitlisted user
  - [X] Admin API -- Remove from waitlist
    - [X] index user
  - [X] Test "remove from waitlist"
* 01/11/2022
** Summary

I woke up this morning at 6:30am. A bit easier today even though legs
are still jelly from yesterday's leg workout. Had beetroot powder in
8oz of water on an empty stomach. Noticeable flushness in chest, not
as strong as I antcipated though. Beet "juice" wasn't as bad as I
thought. Did my 100 push ups early and DuoLingo early too.

Before work I started to migrate off Rewardful for
24HourHomepage.com's affiliate program. It's too expensive and hasn't
yielded the right results for cost. I emailed their team with an
offer: let me use the product for free in exchange for 5% percent of
each affiliate sale made. They replied quickly and seemed kind of
upset from the tone of their reply.

Took Leche on her walk at 9:00am. Worked out Glow features (spec'd out
waitlist and started work on APIs).

Asked Jered & Jacqueline for suit recommendations; they gave some good
ones.

At lunch, went to bank to pick up cashier's check for wedding.

After work sold old surfboard I bought two years ago (prefer the big
beginner boards we have).

Made pan salmon and roasted brussel sprouts for dinner. Caught up with
Tony Askar for a while about life and 2022 goals. Nice to catch up.

It's 9:30pm and I'm pretty wiped again. Gonna hit the hay.

Tomorrow morning I'd like to get a functional (unstyled, posting to an
api) affiliate form working before work.

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] 100 push ups
- [X] Cashier's check -- Pay City Hall
- [X] Smart & Final
- [ ] Prepare 2022 goals dollars
  - [ ] Acquire dollars
  - [ ] Print stickers
  - [ ] Write letters
  - [ ] Mail letters
- [ ] Privatize -- tool
*** Glow
- [X] Worker signaling
- [-] Landing page
  - [X] Spec
  - [X] API 1
  - [ ] API 2
- [ ] Admin endpoint -- suspend user
  - [ ] user session
* 01/10/2022
** Summary

Today I woke up at 6:30am and started my workout by 7:15am. Pretty
zombie like for the first 45min of the day. Not really tired just
waking up. Sort of dragging my feet to do the 10x10 lifts.

I didn't do 10x10 leg day but did 5x10 (5 sets, 10 reps) of squat
(120lbs), bulgarian split squats (bodyweight), deadlift (120lbs) and
one leg "bow-erianas" (bodyweight). Took Leche on a walk before work.

Deployed last weeks features and hit the backlog. Got three small
tasks done and commented on a few features. One big one: we may need
some video processing on the backend. TBD.

My legs were jelly today after the workout. Threw the ball with Leche
in the driveway for a bit.

Re-watched part of Matrix 4 while eating dinner.

Passively researched a new product.

*** Food
1 english muffin, 3 hard boiled eggs, half block tempeh, 2 cups red &
green cabbage, 1 carrot, 10 prunes, tofu garlic noodles

*** Drink
8oz water, 10oz whey protein drink, 3oz sparkling water, 16oz
sparkling water

*** Fitness
superset 1
5 (sets) x 10 (reps) -- Squat 120lbs
5 (sets) x 10 (reps) -- Bulgarian split squats

superset 2
5 (sets) x 10 (reps) -- Deadlift 120lbs
5 (sets) x 10 (reps) -- One leg "bow-erianas"

Legs are jelly

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Pay city hall
- [ ] Prepare 2022 goals for everyone
- [X] Workout -- 10x5 (Squats 120, Romanian Split Squats, Deadlift 120, One Leg "bow-erianas")
- [ ] Privatize -- tool
  - [ ] Stream-based write / encryption tool

*** Glow
- [X] Deploy latest backend
  - [X] Cut new images
  - [X] Migrate db
- [X] Ping Albert about waitlist
- [-] Hit the backlog
  - [X] file size -- https://trello.com/c/WlQPodPT/156-file-constraints-on-uploads
  - [X] linter -- https://trello.com/c/irZ7jSZT/138-add-linter-block-on-merge-if-errors
  - [-] Log X-forwarded-for -- https://trello.com/c/ozIwpJi6/154-log-x-forwarded-for-header-to-get-request
  - [ ] Add git-crypt to infra
  - [ ] Subscribe to end events

* 01/09/2022
** Summary

After watching two episodes of Mindhunter until 1am last night, we
slept in until 10am, well rested. Took Leche on a short walk to the
ATM. She had already gone on her bathroom walk with Leo earlier.

We went to "Las Delicias" for desayunos. I ordered chiliquiles rojos
con dos huevos y una gordita con carne on the side. Delicious. Maybe I
just order the gorditas next time, 3 of them.

After that, we came home and had tea before packing to return to
LA. We filled up on gas and the lady who pumped the gas managed to
fill it up way past the original auto-stop of the pump. From 725 pesos
to 950 pesos.

The drive back to LA was pretty fast. Listened to several planet money
podcasts while Mariana and Leche slept. When we got home, we took
Leche for a walk and watched more Mindhunter (the rest of season 1)
until 12:00am.

It's a gripping show but I'm glad it's only two seasons.

*** Food
*** Drink
*** Fitness

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Breakfast at Delicias
- [X] Drive back to LA
* 01/08/2022
** Summary
(Writing this on 01/09/2022)

I woke up without an alarm clock around 10am or so. Great feeling to
have every now and then.

A nice lazy day. Took Leche for her morning bathroom walk. Returned to
eat a spinach and cheese omelete. Had an fresh squeeze orange juice
with the meal.

Made an 10oz cup of gingko biloba tea and chat with Maru while Mariana
got ready to go meet the wedding photographer downtown.

Photographer (Valeria) was very friendly and asked lots of questions
about us and the day of. Paid our deposit and will pay the rest on
wedding day.

Returned to Playas, took Leche for another walk and to ATM before
heading out for dinner and the nights entertainment: an old singer
friend of Maru's giving a performance with her band. Sang mostly 60s,
70s, 80s songs en Ingles. We were early and walked around downtown for
a little but returned to wait in the car where it was warmer.

Before the show we ate at cevicheria "Nice". Delicious. I think I
should only get the tuna tostada from now on. It's insanely good. The
tacos were pale in comparison (and I tried 4 different types)

After a few hours (maybe a dozen songs) we returned home to an excited
Leche who I took for her night walk. We started to watch "Mindhunter"
a Netflix show I'd heard good things from David Fincher fans.

Watched two episodes before falling asleep. At some point in the
second episode Maru spilled Mariana's hot chocolate she rested on the
headboard. We paused to change the sheets and clean the chocolate
mattress stain.

Went to bed around 1:30am. Leche slept in Maru's room on top of Maru.


*** Food

Spinach, cheese, omelette with avocado and tomatoes on the side. 2.25
tuna tostadas, 1 taco pescado (frita), 1 taco de camerone, 1 taco de
pulpo "chicharon", 1 taco de marlin.

*** Drink
8oz orange juice, 10oz te gingko biloba, 8oz te verde, 12oz clamato
sin cerveza, 12oz agua mineral

*** Fitness
Dog walks

Need to figure out what the 100 push ups challenge is if I intend to
do serious chest routines. I think I just do it anyway or give myself
a few options to choose from (100 push ups OR 100 air squats OR 5 min
mountain climbers)

* 01/07/2022
** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] 100 push ups, 100 air squats or 5min mountain climbers
- [ ] Evaluate tweethunter
- [ ] `privatize` tool
  - [ ] privatize init -- create symmetric key
  - [ ] privatize encrypt -- encrypt (if necessary) file
  - [ ] privatize decrypt -- decrypt (if necessary) files
  - [ ]
*** Glow
- [X] Render "no messages" empty state
- [X] Templatize APP ID in chat.html
- [X] Create video from puppeteer
  - [X] Restart api & workers on main, see that video is created
  - [X] Copy over new chat.html
  - [X] See that chat renders video
* 01/06/2022
** Summary
Today I woke up at 7am for call with Dad, had to reschedule due to
extreme weather in Oregon (power outage). I could have stayed up then
but slept in until 9am. Really deep sleep these last few weeks. Maybe
the cold, maybe the post goal rest? Stopped listening to those
binaural beats and I'm still getting great rest. Awesome.

Finished most of the the "polishing" glow feature today. Need to sync
with Charles tomorrow about some edge cases.

Had the "Rosca de Reyes" party tonight. Mariana hecho dos roscas y
eran delicioso. Yo recibi el bebe y necessito pagar para las tamales
(o la fiesta proxima?). We ate frijoles, tamales y papas. Delicous.

Took Leche on her evening walk. Lots of protective dogs in the
neighborhood. Some are so jacked up they look like they'll bust full
out the gate that holds them to get Leche. She was only afraid of the
big pit bull looking ones (maybe because of her pitbull incident).

Came home and am going to bed early.

** Notes
*** Me
- [ ] Nudge everyone I sent an email to 2022 goals
*** Glow
- [-] HUD polish
  - [X] Read chat docs
  - [X] Scope to group
  - [X] Get test chat app rendered with react
  - [ ] React-lottie animation
  - [ ] Create 30s movie from lottie animation
* 01/05/2022
** Summary
Yesterday I...

Yesterday finished the Glow feature and had mostly focused, good
energy throughout the day. Finally did a workout in the new year (I'm
waiting until Jan 10th before booking all the goals).

Tried "German Volume Training" which is basically 10 sets of 10
reps. Absolutely blasted my pecs. GVT ring dips, bench at 120lbs, push
ups (20 x 5). Each exercise I got to failure before the final
set. Dips was pretty quick, maybe only 2 or 3 sets before hit
failure. Bench by the 6 or 7th. Push ups by the second. Would need to
check exercise log to be sure.

Drove to Tijuana at 7pm and arrived at 9:30pm. Took Leche on a walk
immediately. Had a funny conversation about managing long hair (how it
suuuucks)

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Workout (push day)
- [X] 100 push ups
- [X] Pack for Tijuana
- [ ] Nudge everyone I sent an email to 2022 goals
*** Glow
- [-] HUD polish
  - [X] Read chat docs
  - [ ] Get test chat app rendered with react
  - [ ] React-lottie animation
* 01/04/2022
** Summary

I woke up pretty late today. Another night of deep sleep. I've been
going to sleep listening to binaural music. I would guess I get an
1-1.5 hours in before the headphones fall out of my ears. Eventually I
wake up and put them on my nightstand.

When I did get out of bed (around 9:15 I think) I went to CVS to get
some shampoo to help with itchy scalp. Since growing my hair out I've
noticed more hair loss. I've attributed this to exercising more which
raises testosterone and DHT simultaneously, DHT being a hair loss
chemical. For a while I thought my itchy scalp was psychosomatic
(still could be) but after looking at pictures of ring worm last night
I really started scratching.

Bought a Head & Shoulders shampoo with menthol to provide some
scratching relief. It worked like a charm. No scratching. Honestly, it
could have been just build up as I wash my hair maybe once every two
weeks. I'll condition it if I break a good sweat. Shampoo really only
after the pool, the ocean or a really good sweat.

Had a call with my old friend from college about 2022 goal
setting. Great to catch up; had been maybe 6 years?

Had the weekly Glow team sync. Partial attendance. Product nearing
beta, excited to get it in real users hands.

Posted two items on craigslist for sale (some white elephant gift
Mariana got and an old 6' surfboard I was waaaay too ambitious
getting. I'm happy using my 8' foam board).

Finalized all the Glow work to sync screenshots. A bit more moving
parts than I thought.

Had a good chat with Tim in slack. Had a call with Riley on the
phone. Nice to talk to so many friends today.

Mariana and I had ramen at the local haunt. Something about today's
bowl was off. Rubbery chicken. One of two eggs I ordered was hard
boiled. Bummer. Left a bad taste in my mouth.

Took Leche on a few short walks. She ate shredded chicken mixed in her
bowl of dog food. She's getting better at fishing out just the stuff
she wants.

I had the last piece of lassagna from NYE for lunch.

Played a little DuoLingo, enough to get 1 crown today.

*** Food
Lassagna, 1 bowl of ramen, 2 eggs, 4oz chicken breast, popcorn +
butter + salt + nutri yeast

*** Drink
12oz tulsi tea (caffeinated, <50mg), 4oz sparkling water, 8oz water,
12oz gingko biloba, 8oz water

*** Fitness
100 pushups, dog walks, walking treadmill

*** Wake up
9:15am

** Notes
*** Me
**** Wedding
- [ ] Book Hotel
  - [ ] Confirm with Mariana, dates for us vs dates for moms
- [X] Matthew music request

**** General
- [ ] Sell craigslist stuff
- [ ] Workout (push day)
- [ ] Follow up on git-filter privatize idea
- [ ] Migrate off rewardful
- [ ] How to manage so many 2022 goals
- [ ] 2022 Goals brainstorming
  - [ ] Every Dollar app every day
  - [ ] iTalki once per week
  - [ ] Grow garlic, ginger, tumeric
  - [ ] Daily log
    - [ ] Did you meditate
    - [ ] Exercise
    - [ ] Diet
    - [ ] Post to twitter -- https://github.com/marketplace/actions/send-tweet-action
  - [ ] Launch another side project
  - [ ] 24HourHomepage.com -- 1 Hour of Published content
  - [ ] Get materially better with my tools
    - [ ] emacs
    - [ ] kitchen
    - [ ] exercise
    - [ ] language
  - [ ] Exercise more patience
*** Glow
- [X] Logs for everyone
- [X] EventBridge
  - [X] bundle script for lambda
  - [X] create, set api key for lambda
  - [X] associate to correct bucket
  - [X] update screenshot interval
* 01/03/2022
** Summary

Energy was pretty sluggish for most of today. Sleep was pretty deep I
felt. Woke up around 8:30am, late considering my first meeting is at
9am. Had a cup of panax ginseng tea and made a smoothy (whey protein,
frozen blueberries, 1cup oatmeal, 1cup milk).

I always overshoot the proportions in a smoothy and wind up with 3x
more than I need.

I'm pretty sure the smoothy or the large amount of it made me
sluggish. Ironic because I have that smoothy with oatmeal because I
think the fiber with help with constant glucose levels. Worth seeing
if I feel this way with just oatmeal + whey + berries + milk.

Had leftover beans & greens for lunch and added shredded chicken I've
been sharing with Leche.

A few focusmate calls today.

At 5:30pm, Mariana and I went to buy wedding rings. We both chose a
simple gold band. Love it.

We ordered Pinches tacos for dinner as we were both hungry. Not the
best. Ordering food in a rush while hungry leads to meh meals.

Worked on the Glow EventBridge problem for an hour (1 focusmate
session) and got data flows working end-to-end. Tomorrow, I'll update
with proper keys and buckets.

Tomorrow we'll have Ramen and finish off any leftovers as we'll drive
to Tijuana on Wednesday night. Staying till sunday night.

Interacted with a fair amount of people on Twitter today, some chatter
around 2021 goals and 24HourHomepage.

Food: smoothy, bean & greans & chicken soup, 3 enchilladas, rice & beans
Drink: 12 oz ginseng tea, 24 oz smoothy, 16oz sparkling water

** Notes
*** Me
- [X] Rings appointment
- [ ] Wake up before sunrise
- [ ] Workout: push day
- [ ] 100 push ups
- [ ] Follow up on git-filter privatize idea
- [ ] Migrate off rewardful
- [ ] How to manage so many 2022 goals
- [ ] 2022 Goals brainstorming
  - [ ] Every Dollar app every day
  - [ ] iTalki once per week
  - [ ] Grow garlic, ginger, tumeric
  - [ ] Daily log
    - [ ] Did you meditate
    - [ ] Exercise
    - [ ] Diet
    - [ ] Post to twitter -- https://github.com/marketplace/actions/send-tweet-action
  - [ ] Launch another side project
  - [ ] 24HourHomepage.com -- 1 Hour of Published content
  - [ ] Get materially better with my tools
    - [ ] emacs
    - [ ] kitchen
    - [ ] exercise
    - [ ] language
  - [ ] Exercise more patience
*** Glow
- [X] Deploy code
- [X] EventBridge connections via `infra`
  - [X] http request is not going through, log error in rejection handler
* 01/02/2022
** Summary
I woke up at 8am to a text from David Sierra-Matos that he and Paulina
were on they way to our house to drop off their dog Karma for our dog
sitting day. Leche was explosive the moment she heard her friend enter
the house. I managed to sleep two more hours before getting up. Only
possible because we put the two puppies in separate rooms. Very playful.

Waiting for Mariana to wake up before brewing my first cup of coffee
in a year. First taste of caffeine really. I noted its effects
[here](https://twitter.com/justinprojects/status/1477748891890040834). Not
going to re-introduce it to my diet regularly as I feel great without
it and too anxious with it.

Nudged several friends about 2022 "dollar challenge". Texted out
details of wedding. Walked dogs twice. Took Leche to the vet for her
required vaccines (for dog boarding).

Cleaned dishes, watched part of Amazing Spider Man 2 (suuuuuuucked),
computer time, rough draft of how to `privatize` partial content of a
file in order to have one log file

Food: 1 piece cardamom coffee cake, 4 hard boiled eggs, Salad with
chicken breast, 1 tangerine, 2 pieces of lassagna

Drink: 8oz coffee, 8oz guava tea, 8oz sparkling water
