* 08/17/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7 and went for a short run. About 2 miles I would
guess. Minimal caffeine today. Android build, lots of feature bug
fixes for James. Almost done with 365 list of web toys

Bed time and maybe watch some Shark Tank with Mariana.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/16/2023
** Summary

Woke up when my 5:30am alarm went off but slept till 8am. Vivid
dreams. In the transition period from TT to SC. Caffeine needed to do
the things on my list. Not intrinsically fun/satisfying but they need
to be done. Overthinking a lot these past few days.

Lifted during lunch with Leche outside free to watch. She stayed in
the sun.

Went to tai place for dinner with Mariana and Leche. Watched Narcos
last episode then went to bed to compile more of the 365 internet
pieces. The tiktok growth strategy is not only one piece of content
per day but X interactions with accounts in my niche per day. Grow the
tiktok, twitter and IG channels, grow the project.

Showing daily post counts and links to content posted on the project
is helpful too. Maybe organized by domain? Think more on this in the morning.

Going to watch a sharktank episode with Mariana. In the morning I'll
go for a short run to wake up, then compile more of the 365 list. Also
see where i'm at at the seed content overwrite.

<<PRIVATE
46bdd5df85f4dfcckxsNosjnL1ajJaqnHqaJhnnFTY1cT8zX1KxeeM6VmGRTq/p20T1ivt1Ey/9ZcGK/kHrEuOAieElnParqGRPxf0tt+t8KYRghvd2w8jC0TmvdYGG+hGOP4xvsS+qXmHHRz/J/4NngGfm5IoAIlMIj1M4r8rOcgxwRG96PrxQE4Z2N7Yijsc6ndQ==
PRIVATE
* 08/15/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5:30am. AWAKE. Slightly stuffed sinuses. Digestion this
morning was bad, I think from the large cobbler i ate before
bed. Could have been the rice and beans though.

Switching caffeine source again. Trying tea and hot cocoa.

Finished saves API. Drank lots of liquids today. Wrote family update
about Soundcloud. Mariana's computer is in the crapper. Needs a new
battery so we might upgrade.

Watched an episode of Narcos.

Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/14/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8am after Mariana had left early to go to an early
meeting. Wrote the new home page APIs. Lifted during lunch.

Cleaned some of the house. Disassembled Leche's crate because there
was lots of black mold underneath one of the potted plants.

Fell asleep watching Narcos with Mariana. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 08/13/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 8am, went to Baristi to find more websites for

* 08/12/2023
** Summary
Woke up, went to Baristi coffee shop and started compiling interesting
websites to profile daily. Got 50 or so then chat with Maru before
heading home to shower and get ready for Anya's birthday. Nice
party. Lots of parents running after their kids. Had a good time and
ate nine tacos.

Came back, took a nap, then compiled more interesting sites. Am at 170
and will keep going until i hit 365ish.

Watching Narcos then going to bed.

* 08/11/2023
** Summary

Phone died last night so alarm didn't go off. Woke up at 8am when
Mariana's alarm went off. Walked to Baristi coffee and came back to
drink it at home. Retro/planning was replaced with standup. Finished
the website animation work then went to take Leche to vet and to
lunch.

At 5, had tacos that Maru purchased for Tio Guerro and Tia Evonne and
their kids (Evonne & Carlos, Lily & Irving). Went to Tania's dance
show which ended up being more of a theater/improv thing. Met her
boyfriend (Fernando) and drove back home. The family left by
then. Took Leche for a short walk and talked with Maru while she ate
tacos. Got a little heated talking about the brothers. Frustrated when
Mariana was talking about the Alex and black belt incident.

Going to bed now.


<<PRIVATE
68581dec6d4ceaabUeoIBTlQcyT5SVZNz2dSiP9Zx6LJI5+TCuQyZa1ay1ZBFWRIBSJJI971jcBR1rrQc9TpJ9eaLS4KR9jDHCBV8sAVfKbuIXqmDRhJRAkYcgHcVJBWAVxnTnCfRpNQYdoZKpdYIyMXojx1gEhmyKWg8ei1+u56F2PnLhtvzKECZ31cKWdm6KuWDLoixv0jsHL5mum8gzquJpFSyVgvjzDOi1ua634WX2mjwCVJe00TGgNWAAToEuhoB1SV4fxtfUUd3RMd1+71jHcS/jKAYr0F8TqUjwNCh60oOt5aBqpz1a6fQoR5vRcn3o578vvdkprtA6MUMoDH1Qyl+rqF99nxdYb9XStd5dne
PRIVATE
* 08/10/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 8am. Updated sup website to charles latest designs. Made
color change to sup 2.0 mobile. Walked on treadmill. Watered
plants. Packed bag for TJ. Drove to TJ. Posted some more content on
24HHP.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/09/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5:30am to take Alex to the airport. His flight to MX was at
9:45 so wanted him there by 6:45am. Picked us up Starbucks and left by
6:25am. Came back and did SL 5x5. Loaded squat. Really tight back
today but managed.

Watered plants during lunch.

Made 90 default emoji sounds and uploaded them on behalf of
supfam. Got the download zip feature for sups working.

Tomorrow I'll finish the sup.audio redesign then cron seed sounds.

In the morning I'll work on a prototype tiktok video for
24HHP. Thinking of the content calendar. "What do I want the audience
to feel?" is the question. How much of my person/face do I put in the
24HHP brand?

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/08/2023
** Summary
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/07/2023
** Summary

Created emoji assets. Watched Oppenheimer with Mariana and Alex. Going
to bed

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 08/06/2023
** Summary

Impromptu dog beach day. Alex is staying with us until Wednesday
morning

* 08/05/2023
** Summary

Went to Dockwheiler beach for Lexi's going away party. Fun. I think
the beach is better for evening parties then day time. Trouble is you
have to show up early if you want to get a pit for bon fire. Water
felt refreshing. Leche dropped off at Doggie Central.

Left at 8:20pm to pick up Leche before the day care closed. Alex is
staying with us for the next few days. Will do a workout with him
tomorrow, go to Moti's art show and meet Nate and Melissa
there. Afterward we might go surf in Venice. Leche will stay at Doggie
Central again.

* 08/04/2023
** Summary
Rough sleep last night. Didn't fall asleep until maybe 2am? Tried
sleeping on the floor, no help

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 08/03/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7am. Cough diminishing. SL workout today. Load on squat
again feels good. Failure on overhead press. I realize I've lost
weight since being sick and on this medicine. About 5lbs. Need to eat
more filling foods. Rice, beans, eggs, vegetables, fruits.

Sup 2.0 admin client is done. Filling out website with Charles'
designs. I think we can get the app done by next week, certainly
before I leave.

Going to write a DO for 24HHP to help with seed content. Too much
artbreeder and fxhash content makes the site kinda dull.

Mariana and I went to Empanada place for dinner. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/02/2023
** Summary

Long day. 16 days left at Turntable/Testcode. We have good momentum on
Sup 2.0 but Billy wants to cut the scope significantly. I respect how
he wants to guide the product but think the proposed changes are
silly. I think the difference in thinking is I proposed Sup 2.0 as a
finalized product, one that had all the features I think would make
for a sticky toy whereas he wants it to be iterative. I suspect the
iterative approach might not be great as it will re-hash last year's
production evolution.

Instead, build a portfolio of toys that will be long lived and cost
nothing ($100/year apple, $20/year domain, $5/mo Cloudflare) to keep
hosting.

Anyway, we'll get the polished product done pretty soon. Maybe by EOW
next.

Mariana and I went to Culver library before it closed at 8pm. She
worked on her letter in support of the community college she went to
becoming an accredited architecture school.

Working on the daily rhythm plan. Having a "content calendar" is a
good start but might not be necessary...just practice some videos and
figure out how you're going to share them such that success compounds.

A few more days of medicine. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 08/01/2023
** Summary

Starting to feel better but still have a strong cough. Did SL workout
and starting to return weight to squat (170lb).

Updated APIs for streaks and created scaffold website.

Watched some Shark Tank with Mariana. Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/31/2023
** Summary

First day of medicine from doctor (sudafed and prednisone). Was pretty
focused all day I think from the sudafed but I'm reading side effects
of prednisone are restlessness. I also had green tea around 3pm so
maybe that?

Wrote a ton of sup 2.0 APIs. Will get the routing for the website done
tomorrow.

Finished watching "The Hurt Locker". Sleeping on office futon until I
can sleep without benydryl and without coughing fits. Chest day
tomorrow, going to start loading weight on squat again.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/30/2023
** Summary

Woke up and scheduled a virtual call with a doctor. The sinus
infection is getting to be too much. I don't like taking sedatives in
order to sleep. Leaves me feeling sluggish all day. She prescribed a
steroid and sudafed and said I should start feeling better in a few
days. Hoping the cough goes away first. That's the biggest factor to
getting good sleep.

Managed to do a SL session. Still not loading my squat, just
120lbs. Will get back to a progressive overload when I can sleep
without benedryl.

Filled water and picked up prescription which starts tomorrow. Mariana
and I too Leche to the beach. Mariana had kickball game.

Musinex and benedryl tonight. Watching Hurt Locker before bed.

* 07/29/2023
** Summary

Still sick and only getting sleep with benydryl so I don't
cough. Talking to doctor tomorrow and starting to take muccus thinners.

Drove to Bakersfield for Taita's funeral. At the Coptic church. She
was burried next to Sophie at Greenlawn. Many family and friends came
in to pay their respects. They had a dove release moment. Funny to see
Baba's bird try to fly away early but he caught it.

We drove back to the church for mensef. Mariana loved it. Really nice
to see my Dad, little brothers and Mona even though we didn't have
much chat time. Will have another hour of power next week.

Drove back to LA and picked up Leche around 6pm.

* 07/28/2023
** Summary

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/27/2023
** Summary
Here is a hypothetical...

Bob has the right to 334,267 shares of a company (74,853 (ES-8),
106,965 (ES-12), 152,449 (ES-15)) via ISOs. Bob has vested 96,379
options (15,594 (ES-8), 49,025 (ES-12), 31,760 (ES-15)) each with a
strike price of $0.55.

A 409a valuation is required to determine the FMV and has been done
twice. For what FMV will this net X?

Going to bed now. Lots of APIs done today. More tomorrow. In the
morning I'm going get the apple developer program rename setup.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/26/2023
** Summary

Third night in a row of little sleep from this post-nasal drip. Hot
bag of water and reishi mushroom tea helped. Foggy head
though. Tonight I'm trying benedryl.

I gave my notice today and an hour later had a chat with Billy about
it when he was ready. Later he agreed that an August 18th exit day was
good and that we should continue to launch Sup 2.0. I'll be
transfering project ownership to Charles, Albert or James in the mean
time.

Hard call but its the right one. I start as SWE at Soundcloud on
August 21st. The office is super close. Excited to work in music again
and not be as squeezed for full-company ideas. That was the biggest
factor for moving onward. That and risk/reward.

Sup 2.0 API is halfway done. Finished the features I called out for
this sprint and will beastmode the friends system tomorrow. Confident
I can get much of the API work done by next week.

Going to watch Shark Tank with Mariana now.

<<PRIVATE
46f1bf40c3ff3e025PTiU60eEZupwf8TDpmOgnWdw/dU9WiO/+kV6pvIURw=
PRIVATE
* 07/25/2023
** Summary
Good day. Fork in the road phone call.

Got createUser transaction working in mongo atlas. Found a single
speed bike to purchase off craigslist. Great ride, great price. Leche
liked chasing it a bit. Her medicine arrived via mail from Tia Marta
this morning. Leche gets her doses every 12 hours. 9pm and 9am.

Stronglift, still not operating progressively but load is coming. Next
lift I'm stepping up squat after loaded warm ups. Same with OH press
and deadlift. Progressive overload or its just greasing the groove.

Sinuses are still mad inflamed and little sleep last night but better
today. Made a mushroom tofu soup with rice and watched Shark Tank with
Mariana.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
ddd2612e4c6b79b3nO77ly1NoD122Ven1TwJwOvFSB46QUrFVFCxXhmcKayfk75zmnPBd5jC83tReo7HIFRLi1fUP9oEaalIYv1q6v4sVE9QZuOQoGclsY0aTwTnjyszCqe7Jp5lCSTTuilsxaoFl5wCix4amPwpzI2iOXhnFdZqhgOjg044paU/gfdahOxHirhFy4CQTW23Sd/fENYrN467ILdE5aQjwpxQxoLPEIfR4vTB+qeFSPm54/4Vpe3JKuB7CKx4yyWf8uy/16MqvxZ9gDLHHA9cyxnGVs5xNlQhaIixfWHqTTjk/q22LveM9yCWxNd3e8tECB+Y9wmXEGyZy3AwspERvgos+uubFSnzVOmLZ3Qnu7CM1trftvDRdIQsY39ETuNADmg5
PRIVATE
* 07/24/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 6am after having a sinus attack last night. Went to bed at
2am. Fought that infection all day. Eventually got some relief from
the faux neti-pot squeeze bottle.

Closed Fridays tickets and got r2 upload working. Not as focused as I
could have been as I was blowing my nose every 5 minutes.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/23/2023
* 07/22/2023
** Summary

<<PRIVATE
e9690f4264eb26e7ydoMkKYb/UV7VcMn5nexA60hfOK08sKYAQaLfzUhsXbUVdypiXKTz16SXHLvbFDzslMWz8Plmb9sptUZMENirJ0z4l7j8t584OnfMOEQdxdZUDpgskz4dNtKlCZwrcEwVfB+MeFPkVut8UDzqjawGoV+lIChoPzkgzoaSqfT093JTuDzDQlbm6QZVQLIEa7/dtObDbHxUBM3yc86x1TeFZemZQnBT/lQRPPc83wVNoV4BkH1O/C/E8HxNL4qacIfUI1LTxyLmWJVSL2FRuU04D43NynaRU7F55N90TmfJOKcwM9aVPOK/6WAYPSOmy9pOKEzTg82fzviM87DHTbzJIcBXNwLWesFG3ZXsxMUaeqdCZwasTh8ewoDyNfKBCcH0FncV1i+x4wXuu7cD9vM8aAkGTFgFhrA
PRIVATE

* 07/21/2023
** Summary
Taita passed away this morning with Mona by her side. I heard about it
from an email from Dad around noon. Been on my mind since

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/20/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7:30am and standup at 9am. Got scaffold API up and first
route done.

Scattered thinking today. Some focusmate sessions but not great.

Watched Alpha Dog before going to bed.

Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/19/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7:30am and made coffee. Retro and Sprint planning went by
fast. Got mongo + cloudflare workers api up. Not using next for the
API layer, overcomplicates things.

Did small 5x5 workout during lunch at midday. Super hot.

Leche has her hives breaking out again. Pretty sure its just the heat
but Mariana and her mom keep worrying about it. Nothing to worry
about, we change one thing at a time and observer otherwise we're
chasing our tail. Leche isn't bothered by it

Going to bed now. Tomorrow i'll get to inbox zero and create finance
reports for May and June before work starts.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/18/2023
** Summary
Pretty good day. Woke up at 7:30am and made coffee. Broke the Chemex
accidentally when i closed the cupboard and scratched my nose. Using
Mariana's french press she made from now on.

Caught up on designs for Sup 2.0 and got prototype of mongo on
Next 13. First the `with-mongo` example then the `with-mongo-mongoose`
example, both deployed on vercel. Since audio files will live in
Cloudflare R2 (if we can), it's worth looking into a CF deployment
there too. What overhead does running the app/api routes in CF pages
cost? Easy to make it a separate repo too. More research needed.

After work and when Mariana got home I went to Smart & Final for
toilet paper, peanut butter and white bread (Skippy, Mariana
requested) and to look for a new 3M bathroom velcro hook. None, might
super glue it to the velcro spot.

Walked for 75min at 4mph while reading Next docs. Several loads of
laundry mixed into work throughout the day.

Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 07/17/2023
** Summary

We flew back to TJ last night. The last 16 days flew by in an
instant. The days in Huatulco were great and we really relished in the
hotel resort life. It's a good financial baseline for laissez-faire
vacations in the future. Laissez-faire because it was our honeymoon.

First day in Huatulco we went to waterfalls: first time after the
cenotes that we touched cold water. Second day we went on a bay
tour. Pretty commercial tour but peaceful. We ran into Michelle on one
of the beaches! She was their for a bachelorette party. What a small
world.

Leche was excited to see us but she's noticeably less energetic. It
could be the anti-parasite medicine Maru put her on. Could also be
that she's gone on less walks and had less exercise since I've been
gone. Will watch her closely over the next week. Dog beach day is
coming up soon, she's gotta be good by then!

We'll drive back to LA tonight after getting coffee with Mariana's
friend Fer.

* 07/16/2023
* 07/15/2023
* 07/14/2023
* 07/13/2023
** Summary
We're in Huatulco now for the last leg of our trip. After Oaxaca we
went to Puerto Escondito then to Mazunte, each for two nights. Great
weather in both. Swam with dolphins in Mazunte, great all day lazy
beach day in Puerto Escondito, rented scooter and rode to nude beach
in Mazunte, hiked to the southern most point in Oaxaca in Mazunte,
watched sea turtles come to shore to lay eggs on a gov't protected
beach, watched "Beau is Afraid" over three days, and stayed in an
incredible hotel literally on the beach in Mazunte. Loved every
minute.

The hotel in Huatulco is amazing.

* 07/12/2023
* 07/11/2023
* 07/10/2023
* 07/09/2023
* 07/08/2023
* 07/07/2023
** Summary
We are in Oaxaca now for a few days, arrived here yesterday after
short flight from Cancun. Walking to the hotel, I accidentally walked
into a busy street. Thankfully no cars hit me.

We explored the city for several hours, went to a museum and booked
tour for the next two days. Ate at Criollio last night. I had the
vegan course, it was delicious.

Today, we woke up at 6:30am and had breakfast in the hotel at 7:45am
before being picked up for today's tour. We went to El Arbol de Atun,
the most stout tree in the world. Next was a textile tour where a man
showed us where the regional dyes come from. Next was a tour of a
candelmaker and her story of how some Zapoteca weddings are performed:
a woman is considered "stolen" from the family when a man wants to
marry her and he must ask the elders for approval and bring a
hundreds? of flowers, bread, and fruit to the wedding place. These
flowers are fake flowers made from candle wax.

Next, we went to Yerba Agua and swam for a bit. We had 90min there and
took some photos and relaxed.

Next, we had lunch at a buffet off the road. I had mole and other
standard fare. Finally, we went to a Mescalaria where we tasted a few
Meszcals.

On the ride back we learned there was a pre-parade for the Guelaguetza
the city's huge party in July. It's like a mardi gras in scale if
tonight's "pre-party" is any measure.

Oh, yeserday during dinner the 7th course was referred to as
"pre-dessert" so I'm gonna start using that now.

We're back in the hotel, its 9pm and I'm pooped.

* 07/06/2023
* 07/05/2023
* 07/04/2023
** Summary

Flew to Cancun on Saturday and we've been unplugged from the daily
routine for the last few days. Mariana's birthday yesterday. Woke up
at 5am to fly to Cancun from TJ. Tired and seats were uncomfortable
but we made it. Flight attendant made us pay for our backpacks to
check.

Drive from airport to hotel took an hour after which we b-lined to the
beach. Water felt great though Mariana said it was murkier than
usual. Still amazing.

Dinner on the beach before heading home. On Sunday we grabbed
breakfast then went to Tulum to the ruins and a beach out
there. Incredible. Hot. Softest sand, most white sand I've been
on. Lots of small taxis from place to place. Had lunch at a nice
beachside restaurant then swam with giant sea turtles! Eight of
them. Majestic. Gopro wasn't working though, bummer. Dinner at home
was italian place near the hotel.

Monday for Mariana's birthday we woke up early and bused to Isla
Mujeres for whale sharks day. Gopro fixed and lots of good footage
racing the gentle giants. Even bigger than the ones in Baia de Los
Angeles. Mariana had a blast. Me too.

Tuesday we went to private cenotes. Four of them on a psuedo-tour then
hung around one of the cenotes for jumping and swimming before heading
home. Great Peruvian place around the corner from the hotel we went
too. Two basic dishes (ceviche and lomo) but the seafood rice with aji
amarillo cheese sauce mixed in hit the spot. Delicious.

* 07/03/2023
* 07/02/2023
* 07/01/2023
* 06/30/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/29/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and made coffee. Standup at 9am and met with Billy
right after. Talked of Sup 2.0 and team availability while away. We
should have good coverage. Will chat with Albert tomorrow who will be
the first to break ground in the new mobile app to get navigation work
or web work to get that client up and ready for SEO.

Took lunch Wrote most of Sup 2.0 tasks to trello. Did laundry, packed
bags and set water up for the plants while we we're away. Will send
Travis and Jessica the video tomorrow.

Drove to TJ after 7pm when Mariana had some call with her community
college admin who are looking to get accredited to be offer a 4-year
architecture degree. Interesting.

Drive down was smooth. Listened to a podcast called "The witchhunt of
JK Rowling" or something. Finished 2.5 episodes. It's about how
contentious a figure she's been.

Going to bed now, might finish that episode.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/28/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am and made coffee. Pitched Sup 2.0 to the team. Good
feedback, will pitch to Billy tomorrow who was absent in today's
meeting.

Broke down all the required APIs with notable wildcard for the
revenuecat work.

Picked up Leche's food and gave Mariana her birthday gifts early since
she was packing for vacation. I'll pack tomorrow after laundry. From
2pm-6pm.

Going to bed now. Waking up early to plan, study and get my head right

<<PRIVATE
89274d60b1b1006bDKDiOsuiLqJMcvoblH7ohlbvi/ctSD7fhC8xoVppRV2vXONWoxL8Vwgw++bzp/4UpXj35YwtR7L7DSXqGG1lgE3nijzGO3Ka/9z7WIjS9r3GWz9T0S1hLpKGX0RYVQxQCcamMOf2naMfuA6JLeoBPia2eMBldby4QSMuGh4QOpTCj09DPnC+8BkbXrkatY9YvhiLThF84QJAtcHZSopKVxaoOwe4+b5ehnYa2fNwWL2kk81EjeJT82P+7JagNMm/hZSf9QmtZTI+zrFgRmRSiAJs3JSR/d2v5NFyietFMt+CoN88BnSraeNECZiUErSmelPS2XHRoODxyyr1feXvp4ZA0M8vuOe65obFuQiSum//kvg8BbQ821lGoCsC+sNy52p7+0n114c/n0H/iiFqR4E9wa5YCwQ8m3Si9FKZG2fiQLSfa6r/+rTo/J36WadxJ+fGVkYiUs/i4uB7lfznVprdgQQX1Jo+ntihJeCO8Pu5K/o2wmD+fdlHdDt+Od99Y7KhOqGZzwWXlnjj6C5jm313Is7q7FnklAp75ZJQqGD5BDZo64N9/iw+Y7T/IpanYxtTY/XE4g/mAsOU/bFJ95n3jPZ4FbamEhB2Z78UOZqI3diXx8A/HSOavoP+iJfoAJrvb+kYSlXw3t5SfONAL2LutTeCFH+I2SdLnkTsziA+HFwquSbl4CUJ3MRAMkFNsCsKzneXDlt1vwGprDuHx2Qp2jdEafrwFRM5rSw+o2x7N1B54Ffufuww5dFwzBRp5bjSlnXk8CbkArOOSx2nLhXdiJFM3XYhc1C6E6JI8myLbXbr80P939mGG3cmge7syAs9mScfgu8pF1d3WX66VH1qs1APPP/fHQI10lWUOTUI/U5yAZZS0NshCfWOptCaoUJ2Ee9ZCC1Peqv+DFsfUcj++2smYEJscw3B1ZIm0bMoiMp/M6b7ByCrDJyu+ZKbSPLzyEyYZ+j0NpgVXp39/QaO1sdq8n1F7ZlNn3VeE+taiauG74SjdDAJ+Oa0c86T44m9PsOA96LyCbbVSTT/kVnYblM4gQWEKMYVgTzI0qgHqEhiA2jIjsd9LFHArYFBkDnfz7VzCmFgOe/0fjtbhMkvxawlq9cSxkoPNU5HWFlLmAqA8W9ihUf//rgCN6Bm6pHGUdXcorRTx/56ohG+6PS/epkKxYbUdEeyeKPpciDu+Je3vRdI+TJJfSqIImkPr8rf8QlrxuMmgpS+PY9lEgZLbjoTRra+sUyhxkAXidBQvtVJxVLT8mkGLHfdvoU7JEzxYxiEmxv0odSjVSH1QJ6cUy7FnhesXqRwbholbGaRCTMwaeGFBR4/TX6gZqtOnI4s0B7YNv52bLaaPzFOHeHtgFmks4+sW9JTaxCSziusn0LpdKZIWBQn151D4uzyu48wvsfuhALblCkrgec7XhLCACzdGSRWdawFzHseOpQu91iDb8V9TwstzfT9V18OHY6ZknRjPdkVjeaJLPxZEStol55+mVuml6ABewmWZ5UCxdrfJoU/F31f1F9d94bCIIpmVIG9gu8O83AZTJpei8rx+L7bvIJhicMQ8MyNVldvf9TkzGONBRMdgyvLlc6Sy2X8MEnARYSzeyQC/Y7F5WIvThKaXTC+PA4Z/tlgptxD/VCu7Z1o/HfDZwzoO4eM83VuhkFhQEXzold1uAAp2wNo0dne9zmqCQ8LZYvnqQhAns6O0lEQsNxJYhnDrFx620haPYEmAtimVsv4oou+ZTak66j7S9E3/NArvzUYlsUBaZWOigNKpHYbSeTm+Ik18aWBpeCXYKxlTEPa1+AemJWBRklffzHAK+S4ixmO4Z5SjAoDZOggChVTJ5otor44nnorXEpYB3+o9SAy7/9EoTKk6UuwYD1x1GqCCSUbkn+wkjiSjK4/3fhh+FO/Y+MfdI2eHlhfGjBwIR2bmEE/Z5oZH+i53KXjhqqVih1OYngJ7cqZJGRAwlS6RXL7y/BNpHyzAbtQSP7xHohGPAbzkg/qPLoyor9SsCFKwOkW89h8WVNZvF8EATQ2jmVA2Re3k8m937yWgaef7P0zh7OhYwJLyGjBa4sd8STSHvNEbGJmnAVICSKGeCbjEj7JB5GjMic43/Lw/TjifRwyzaZMp+r3FNQaz/VLCWn55t6mmlTE92mbF8gcNz0UqRLriabX45JDriJ1PQqWbxYid2URExM6fGHBwqMUXykSfbM4GgNSnRppqBiH3tcwIU2p2EsCU/nJ2HtOQu5HAGoHh2alp0nmXGrdmIiRPdVozbdJsn5sCEomjzn3XvYUp5OaPP1MQPARc40oFQEwPz2QBuzBLuOt2gYeCG2kTjaDC9shenRQwcwzBHU6Nvv7YuWRXG0NBvG0lldxFbfPxJtj4ojervytdu/gIm67fGstBWankFPykoNNh1z9qO6IyT+o67vQvYHJSToSVVFZ8Wxe5Py+vdLwOntUeEz8+JtAPyZ5TGI07cb3AxAthfqIyFytCmJJQDRksCvUR6b6x2ZRKX2o7Q8yPpSSM9VSCtPC5I3y5bP70eWbnnxeqjE14SjFz45Dc4nsceneuHE/oAaZzQ194OGLGfzBvXuvArV5vjDCA14k2xlW4Y61ORcTN3ob+Rbnt9u1WKVDbJTJI1pYEzLhrpjgmX0IcfdcOZuXdQJrqRizXRvyfGVDqEmw7I7ED9+F+OosX3KLD02/JQkU83pqy2E4B73ulNqC/sNiN3yvamDgp64LysULxsdFV1lJKNnT7m1tL7XAE5+vOJnZsmgAY39xw6KcWQFxDjrnBHY9VgM0slwn9KhXaTiFtNyelkzKt7DFDKkWXoJs5bmtYAveY4ouuFSLrIqU1GXyLFLVa/0zG6VGeL8z/orfPCn2MzLcxGIR6OKEp6dIBpbBqThsAg1hVieg8d075ye+BMwtiVMhDCYdZJaAy5h5R2P8IxM7cAGrXbWmN7hqfoReiClPCfOeoetw2oFeK5ttHOrZCLHrX4Q2Wk7XHBqF0/gSQqTMi9dTXqrZ8ew+2w/dnDl86bBUOdW/cA6f+eZGzmXba+UIRydTxy/zhE1FcGwdOVOHfj2vYxvenoBxlB0uvqQv8U52MrcY0BqHPyAI5W3BVdejQRBd5qNP6OraeOD4sD85dYbtapF/mGtYAQmd7nn60KWRmOmIYtWeZ2ZPs4SrA4VHrYAjZKAF1YxsYGUUh9g9cO4bQz86JZwOs+m8AsLEN7va+0HNrd/FOeqRR+xIeeEU/SUkx65DfLaQ8+PShOsU5VRzdft/+fODHuEvBCp6Tsh7yOwLdoYZDczekJM7hlp5HzCu9ebDK8VDwnJbg6QJSV9V8Cr4HvyadZxQjOcCW8RbBNFTyLRnp65t7cJ+mgX82v7rBsIRv0lhuMur+BKEh/4fbb2oG8i0pVt/ZWaOMA6+Xzuj4Qe22Qm3i24eRPBZJ7tLkIIk97/nk2vQs/wB8TQUImG2L59YMAK5m70hbZHDl2BMU2MAFEPpx5omZOVUUAwfYADvd0IfnsaOnAjgeQFf/CRUxDuKGORqFMi0AiihXf3ij8s6wnw3ec20XcPgzjLScIxvweZWcmh0TD1Y6/0Fwa9ga8CaGbvwqtiCl39Di5q82dZ8hgeeZVclbJqGnuqfvij1N8iyPShQSq8q6JVo3iAMAiizBJ0rDP7XWy2OP1UwUbgvQ70lWeBZQPEg4quDqNtvwfqlWaVjREx5HAp1YmesejLZJjDZpP/jMoX+Lq19JMts2jFGRTXN2QiNaslEp34KU3TXIAD69K9jLu5Pzieb5pZ2eoljUB0s8k5gcFsbhpCioJfuvHmqXYVYBLUGBdx0vvhI8nI6uLuWC968uer3ipb4AuMN2PWHxC72tPjAzfXpBCI4rCcPXkl8fa6CjM4a4OY05VxFPm39KecAEgyhT+uMsDPZ48FATWfHibrnpI9Kv8mV+d/VbmqJMTI7D6KhxMtMQjKUbtkpjMvlPo/lkyY9IeDqtxM0ayoxR6Cu4LpfmUQ3HNYjD393HRRMdUgdWt7M3hpUMETo8Yijp0BHqIfYqtAFXOvepljsCQ7VV3ttgvGy2V2vEOXFgrlnSccXB41/EO1If43vvwlGF2+qUI4WGtuHyzIvGJFSQEGDgOqHa0/6jYJXPZfG8Umo2Xp5FBqVqa1oE6Ij+RB/5rV/yYccGKK36gZvl3ZpGBiZ0HrHbgDp6d5PgYb9Lzj1VWNjbTXMogCcCnML8ovu/g5XkqDRCP9HIfdaXPqpV88FsxM2Lpi2GMCiR6ZVyLF1iEPrT7icypBhyHq8h8l3TLehnI+5EERr/IV9VMCAAm4l7LFtrIWIoqjJIrbYK+kdCYswc+hdq0GJKzOn8atSN+DdOOFEZvzK7MqdFXa/zO/2E4N9WAX+APqriYD3b/vK/EQSRJfHcq4N4L8UpoMBoXHT1I8i7DnoN3YuQsNaGTbqJYl20e6uHrZ1niRyLHGqhQdu7KhzQ+HqAwMH919dTc4AGsRWKFDP44VcHMygYLTTLEcgDzyD1qfUlH0VdIwAiDwxK/TOvVjMU/0Lo5Q1QMrI+o6FoWeKkSbKW/SpKhlDw2VWg9RhEP22nMU1/EPhFV2duT+Xxh7TGPCxFKOnhKdeZNhxfsjamAQiqrSpZ1z9ROIPtd7B1lqOsxYhMKJVNO/KLJObnT8Ug2qCpbJoddXXnLIbRW4Pix84gCKdlvSW2R/z2+0OVvKGDrZCbKm8AsrxIWHZXpJb1CUCvuUID2toD/Qk8rEEkH6TtXUBh5M+Yq/7M3NWWsqG5hwFriAS0CBSVDI3i9NH4Z/ASGYmPgwjoxv7YjvYoQEGF3cEQQ1zNQ/UgVqpzUdpYuZl2tE5VpSN1mlSJ08A1zVQ2FqrLosw6Tk0bwY1VXw8DhDlvJBbR8AXd1Zt+ubxcj9VUCRGmkwFf3lc3vfV3LtvydIhH/3tW1QH62hi3r2bGwiskkOFUl6fiAZNP/E66UOD4h5as8/E0CJjv1AfNMCEONeyrOTL3dnVD/+nr1pFdhv3DxFWdEHolxfKYgO+XC7pRBhaK41fZYSjewJAhOW9pxLktPdo5Kp2JV2zsgLhb1VqzQU6SVbIcDU68B/xAxBk/TOzWkz9nUlDVN/ixAIIn2k+rCMGc10x2rXVR9PTUgKW+XtH0KRvnYH9ixE5Ny/Io4DKGNIXfc3nkGZLOeutvWgl3bXWwmF7sRPkUGeojbkQdnBmpDQOfFR0jzdgAiOlaSNagv4KPDGKp7ZmMTdJJwSK8StZAel3MiJeFX0m6kVd3OqUCbKjjYb4/NSwafkjxp1TbMLQm8mK/kw+l/ElhuFVTJ2bGiEINkcFnXY4z/TCPbtSi8HkJKJoCq38jEd6OxRbylkgBZp6Rsw6myrEvR1sspc0qhRIGmoMPwi3aTNrr1WwHW4DXTG5IZdplooEQpoPfUSl8FiZqjVoBxpUMvr06p4kcbYgME6dvsUNECTjzPw768R3+Wpwjw4gha151gQ65oV0Z7Jt+atMkG1O+ptXdi/sgQ+YJSuHw9jatvMo/ykxVBg42KI+8vDCMSIto10Uf9mTjGYLp11pHh76/Ab08enkStczyVg6rD8f+SDAolIKYKrkgC6DV+it30ViPX24CB1rJPgtTwEZI/r3UAjUPZrHOokFVHGBZWB/UMD+EZiisSvAn9WwtLs9ncCwE78uFTSR3lZUoyjm3RjADedDKcNrxnqb++8oLLAquEhQtB3FqEuDPkUDOozWhbZ+foNu4/uiHsg2UYxoxu6Ljg/ZGBKwDCU5kZTItPI6ViE2AQYhbqeG4D27LkZ3f729MH/YnxBUOOotc3zqzxpNxz/QJJXkWhzNO27BpFrsYJSX39hyf+Z1WUwigTDN0oeWVNNu8kAYkdusQMIjfaWezbo6kR57Wdh09alR0R4k71pS4/qtgWPvhAVURxhtWWhZ/a92JTe/iAxrFDKwSkg/syBII99EZ2FRRgItmtqkrqrugjN3blTVSTh++rDmegI3bZJi4iPXv2sS++Ua44M3VGlZoGz0VPE7pyX5lpeltPLB9FHjRSewdVSReijpZ8a7bR1kRBbz3F5tgxoB5Jwd8JziXwdYuvpUd0yvMH4O2/Mvy6Wmt/pp8rU4/inBPD4RIUpxkkwMvprIT8Z89JbU08H4t260fWO3uHmIpXGxpvwHmoh9xqPtgP38mduMh8mA5Z++n4nrggmQ8AQesE8hlCQzLzT5XHW229m1JU+avSJpcCnC2RFiSxX1PmTJymC6nPLpIA2RuU3veiUx4deNCy9VjybqcrNNfYPjuYwF+UbEn9kZh1/qO27j6HPjEyZ9O7L2DZhdtAQj9cIyqXt5bzvA1IqMNnfIUaFiU2ff9wfGPc4RmlI384GmslG9197mayzYPWquTp5of9pn7hM6mcyr6ehxzhFaPFfZxGGhEDWcWsvrez3Z0PBEA2I58L/NcMg5WUrGbxtVAY0akDY6OcDcB/XD1PiHt1B/2aBAwdsW7dxZldAYmDq8U9q4v0RF343di8v+61Lh5U6BB0IApQMStCL7zLV73DhhGimytydyWCUvED6T+7HraUG5xFAUjmPO8YAIfks9aMNPV/zmz2G4AgW0ZwEBDyHudIKtDnZTD2Wmhxrz1LgpdrdsRKRMEoclOnRRSN66juu/Aew7Yi6uXINRVhyO4Q62raC1EEANpRcH08zrPJL+66nMPvTIZgKboN/u2AxFP2a+BuKMcclJPExqRqoe3y+3n7rDewZ5puL79OE6IsloqDGtHZtIjjEZF8XqbP6VmezK0DTE2f1WtUiZcwKD4lmb0vg/MRqPks60w5oqQtAH/cKFH/04mvMtUdPM+SeQ03RYzlHbXQ2pLNozyfYpFqlREDoI+6a1r+JGs5oQsqWuH6fqQIrSLLTDI7g0eAmd7uVxS8K6Hzv60l/tW1iigla36w3whlHpOlwQ9xsJi8+6WvfOTRDzrgTE/xdZ2yFLRDC4w8A8Z02GzOeOddKPcEIgR9/xidz9BTfKWabpfT7XuS0KMu7dnzBaw1Pn8+pAB5Z9n7agAupxLNsXbXTKT6zjl8ipd5RvvGAq7GByT4tzQWzOSy/AGBA4gNCzRm8Wq44FBrVFg9adzzfiWtYiAGKHvARlfzza602bom2lISRUlbl/MXNFR+0xi+DU8NkOJid004em7zkP27enmY8AKpTKcDF/R8Kzec6tKmh7+yJeDkkmiD59FQSkYFB75A1IYWo6eiMs0T2+Ey1eNgkxj+20XuLf8M5smT3PtTr44LEl9K2jB27vlepnkfI1WOOUrmNndVxe9LOVNgwWfHfqFuiHmMwoY94oxZo4/WuXzNzuVpa+DL3Vy0TkRqSsPKrMJzfVxThEDynBKuTzi6yUosyjzaEcyhoM1xp5kmUDSh7rHntToH6YhoW9H7EVBRk0jcYhHaOGNCZt7JGiQPkeefvC8RdVC6VLJRzL0EnnXsmJsl3mGTyWjw6qS0hrJCfaXwcOtrWBlFhhUgD041n3vyLxQg6RX2PPzJm/YNT99HUp2nBLnv/SGAenR++SxnTjF5HuzCAn1O+A0tRMw6cIZZaSwUqFpUAHLynvU35SgoSJMarQ+YsrUu1mq3mSmMBeiNJL4867hHZHv8teLPpeMXstNBlA/B4lS1N3LU399Sevk7I1OjojKcztiQYEXU1DcL7+P4DBLzrltcuAQh2nGehnweRl/rlSa98J/4Iy6C8rjf4tqrqTGKNhAT7zfgOOYXCWYy7sPcCCu4sZYPpgU/9zryXk0T8OM5/3BvfXJy9gbsUo1J3LEBEXnXRU7sp89ZgYfdNLVP0b3uK29/ZrfVpmoAUktgxsqIhsb7GCPR9+QPO8dXeXVUiEoG0Rgocp1IrjXcamXTFQJ8OZQocMPvnz2f3ZsfBoH9EMaqHbaEim7HlT20ixPFxwCZI9gWLK01XamW6wSp2o7LKz+LSiB0sjZUaCj+782yzBnkpKIfzgITQJCKgUDyGfhnAR4AlGPmr6MveO1kZNDj34u+XYRGO7c00N0C6+G02U0JvwxvB3DNv0b/nJCs7AXeMj/ptUv1qfRi2foUuNyIfLxr2gNlXminfEQYqWrC/ZrYdTVEcymXAFrvVZkV2VoJdiS06EflQ1cuKFsy05bxc6fqTM9MFHGehJO7/2/obiF7gCrOrF0tSPkcEl39eEZOeiRXuZGzu9UWEZW88QObfdfRHaUBGMsgp8poUxjUxCGHD09QMRrVJn4I8lF+RRDEgGkr9OYAf4Jaev1cfeG/Xg2QTAJe/8lIu0FCk2mt7//AbwuSP4WrNXl2klQUQsfRtMlwchJSRHh/RXgZF+Gg32pNfDUvmAb171Lveby17d9SnaWwQ05iAmbAEZa1L5aMWiAK0vXl3ZoLSbwUhNtdgmxnaFNkVqG1VFj00K1ZLDf9Si7zX7wiO1nlXNLDNwJ04RlfemkdRqbiaRvByj7pcCDJeJKja2/xQLxJ/sQY2zNEGyLuk4BhWLsbz/z4yMbbeTslbNtFNZbU83UzzbTWdHT3d750zBezG8uuJyXa/yil4V7Nzyo3icgYdDtNBla25uVLqfvNPBQ0PZHYI8QlIsQneFcR72OwgCCI0G/F6ZXCK6/uGMGOeBTlHEmCikb4iGRT5Mj3b2LOMv6zbVjmrnfeAiot3r/bVap9xdRaJeIhBHM3sUzt/gyxJ+1jTPKcv6S+p9o2rJuHjTfooRJJ/SMYlnPDvOYRKHFHvFWh2SrwVe8kHuiGYEueHN/O4x88KUhqbMMQX7hCK0SWw2mtBmpf72/SPJACcta1lF8DdPyAzqYxOXsLzvBS+Fps3uGXgLrl/eDRFYqKyR5/PNhbS2KH4ITTRGoqLSQhrnCFgyQ0cO6O6riXFvceIgdwFRXHaMB+Sp3j2J98/BVM0yaQc5eHtF+4EST7DXQ3mWx19wUFC56MolumwPX01PPUGXf2Uew8rMWqSzHmEXK76mT2P2j2UQM3CDFJ8P46aC0iMkykfB43KK0VKb1YxSqdg+/uo6E9dDjCHbuY56keK4JzpT+ACQ2VmkWFc5Vo+6AgNIre1F/8VORUrr42lxW13QJ0DILOstc1+7ak3FVqdO5dKFsBbXuIw7gTH1OvAo3ywkL19wEihoc7iWd6q/oOIUozSL6u3LXT4GXg16b32utOUeQTC/T0F7s3V5EaPmpthl7cliXgKu/PZwwHJfTSTeqT2sovc3yH+E42rAZFgjyhlmuEXBFAiESctBOo6XlxzCZvXKA0tnKEJOjHtXlJEXkIVWjTCmmaIRFmmESMPhEogdchfRrSEKHxQE8/R/9h6S/12MZ2pjAW8f5OrkubToAAOCc6YHFXZoqTOpVUR+86+KaL0kdjIzJ28CYUnaHL/o0J0a/5PmujWnwcM0XY0K8eRyvf1AyQEbV95v5Q6OcH32n6NXene36+W9s9ILk5wtXEkJPzP8SA5VpHJygpHd44kSKY4Eu5iFYRLcbEHNqKR33j3/VB7qLKOqJseqWikcPvzNXd73PtaQlJrobdWVrcAOJIftCFJ2XDYxr8S8ZE7j3gA+JdxiLC/473/0rRnKoiyjq+8TFhFO3xxgPgRmsSUq0b0w7z6YQPFCrJt0AH1wbM+Fs7wvlh3DRpVtgEp/DhUdCbfWJirTQimZFIXWp8LMO1ji9Yn43NE6kcb392igDksawQz4Ola2QFKOpV/3gkCfMPj2mHM59KmC1DBVwJfUux3PgwKuoyeGIaDiq+XpVdsVgIl7KeRR/uXUk95gMfuBrQs9ACr/MOG7nLkYRmbBWKZ+Ndrr8JbwEM4tnVz9bcj4nQsUKL+WXz68+7FZdx7VXjIuITfazzTY1tnYWLYH+20+PS+sIL6zAcJENJCl+GyuaKKGQNa+pIYirvYzQb7dJ9tnec28rmphJ9D2eKfLzrb9TMCKbmOyyYznl1/TS2ldWYKTzPbJ6MXMMCzNHV/hWia1rhaRw/rsTrkdP5Ovud+Utr1dHNcB7Iz/jv3exOORWxzqTBOoDJNrtwXpn1fvJ/pRuX40JjLcK0RKcUGm1rBohdrkkmUgE6ItZuucyCRQjw95W0FARQt1b8Av2Vlz01eT7fwItiWaMGf4nB8ir9yo5XixNX4pIYuRfgL8nQ+ldvod51YBIzfQ5bf5dDt7BMjpAg2WgrXURrk8P+v4ScQBBYt++vN/iIXxWbQHS5G/Ey7WB9iSmPjA4uYvNdVHuacaBnbopvyG0TuZONdq3fT0zJ3a+DsEXP1BSSj8Gl2PC+ayBrAuAePsFg3P4lEHpIlqog6s77u6HFfmywx4GN0tKBIfWmp4/zlNzxJEM8pP4vkKx0hkv5n7RObdNOvI9f3Zs4vPbl89H/vs0GEFLdBHQiUR6RmuYOj9YyAdFn9IgGURzEZWzfMsLHUIE3w21gEbOrK2EdMpDQlKcXCIoWB7JFHVFlq9MG0pg6d1tAkVoWIOE5roCXKa6G4gsTXb5MXi+4t25n7ThCpnzyr2cuYhb5af5SbKTQuw2omVA6T28usRdtLxsw+BP2y38Z1C2tLR9klRNiyC3Kc9g/foj+dmchmy62zDzMojD+Hwv0aglodKFtEGYBWIX+UaNRpvi8BiNaueXgpxQU8KGcmIiJpERhxOgtgCGqW8oRGc1vg0/6yYZaHMki0WW4lsi6YwhWDR1mUghtgF/AmjrHOsxZANhWnNtBaRYblptgWNJqw2v78t4rZGcEvKVi2jvY0CeXfJWNeTkQg/yH+CsP0TeEXuTcd/8b8URnZ/UNBQ1JElEof83wP9uwkZF/MIlczSTnK7EmusmBCF3eS9BtMp4N82thgVuzaZmxFan3tbNyfKIHS5lQMiX/p/Gnhv1zRN4acM/0OLNk6AQo9vwgOJlMbRRezoCsg3hM55FoCs2HImgrG+rLaVhk9j073v9wigWRh3ZVSNqis6ECc2zDmh+LN+jQLmSdtb4amfKg1motKRXIc9g40LfvPr7xH1fN/9NgRMChQ840AYNQ8/30N/BsbeaWLtQL4WmM7FL9o4tIAM4v5bUnqtdIX1EnvL/KIxE79C7BZn82SYaCuZxqVekxvwd3tYAAHnST3J4pYWiDj6JXoPYOLfgIRdbCNUVKy7IeCPwsBmcJUvrWYe4sncXBRHWeDUh1HZ9ulem1hVABgnjr+qm0rmP+VlOrFo5OYIRMMKUkFVs0Q5hDboZ6W4aW4pviW0zls3YBU2z9KcjHiR5T4rAFysp1EgdL9I7x2apjzmsTsDjZFsT16kKWuxSGKb2B3qOQ+F3zb5Of5LtBJPn0oJzfoT0dI0JHrHP+3kpiNsgWk/nu4b6uK8us3oTptNZAZXfQYMVBvSBo2Zg92+hvhCK9ewn6lWzbV4U5BS/WjEhiBbyxJmFsvPU7j3osVus451hbXwsfiG0PpWNyhsOAWD3YF1QDwzOU9b3ed0Dvvhla2Pp9FUdvcs5WXpVriGwo+kpzgGYlAYtmIKFs4jihlLBsyGQHJPVFZW1bssZCqPfw5C86TVDkldPOOXrNEQw+nZgD2s0IY11nt0uak8H0aoZHUGHg7r+Re/zaP/fo55/aU0T64YFVvv2rroK9C1p6TSaB19BhIskCQYa1QkkYl/fHKHgxVT0qOo88ynHlERXqsM0b/jGbyfHEEvkqNgKyadDpfH6G9HX1RF0HfF3k5ZI/8/e7ADMUH6sEs7ffG8jVf3wfhZdOKE+hMCvvkYj3V+CU+qt6QP77sstHnuA6IGpyknQW+GRkaJdcd4zL5SjMzZ1WG+myOkVakPzL84RME7i2uQaIuMZDbL4XhGoPOfBoOLBZ4b1aI=
PRIVATE
* 06/27/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8am, made coffee and had standup. Chat with James after
then Tim and Charles about Sup 2.0. Made a polished pitch for
tomorrow.

Went to hardware store to pick up paint brushes for Mariana to paint
the stools she found. Walked her to studio and found a color laserjet
printer near a dumpster. Carried it home with Leche and it freaking
works! It retails around $500 and and toner is $500 for a 2700 prints
(or $150 / color tone). Will still use the on-demand print service
until the buisness proves itself, then consider using this new printer.

Dinner from Versailles. Tomorrow I present the SUP 2.0 product and if
we like it, start specing out everything until launch.

Going to bed now after watching some standup comedy.

<<PRIVATE
d9681864bb81a7feLPbgJG4Gq6kL8GRRWdbRQ+KBTyjWtk7cf4rC9fAuxIeCdZiu5hkdsNBfMJuqHKdzyuuYaULcT05g3cnIPLaPmkFr+wJ/pT0HfHOCskJwUJmJMSCAVb0BA0yk2DxXIQ355Wd/5j28CO5k7lL3gEmjyogXSLeIRi++iSXe5LHuxBOpPL/J8v0Wl6CvZPfwnPkHnehsHyozK2+wL6i5iq8hayU0MnionMElTRWdxWiHeku81oT6CgdJ4QxiWiNcDK2e/4BjdFxzcoE4CT6B9wjzlpe6HGIqSds3Vej8wYpOG0MEXXL7RGeWjJuFLbrIVAWbtqIejbDqz02dQFb7VYcxPRQ+Rmq6uRC8
PRIVATE
* 06/26/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:15am and made coffee. Chat with Dad then had call with
Billy. Billy wants me to lead the product on Sup's relaunch, including
sounded push notifications.

Spent the day writing a spec for it. Talked with Charles too.

Will continue writing that spec tomorrow.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
**** How to make "push notifications" addicting
- Top funny sounds
- Try to get friends spamming each other in funny contexts
-

**** Spec
Design Goals:
  - Fast and fun sound sending that play via Push Notifications
  - Charge users for something
  - Rentention loops with launch
  - Growth loops with launch
  - Launch date set in stone
  - Consider this one of many fun products living perpetually in our brand
  - Lean-into the polarization

Design Anti-goals:
  - Overthinking
  - Pleasing everyone
  - Adding more features without demonstrated growth

Systems:
  Product -- what people use / buy
  Retention -- aspects of product and our business to keep people coming back
  Growth -- getting more people using the product
  Money -- getting people to pay
  Marketing -- getting new people aware of the product
  Engineering -- rubber to the road for all of this ^

-----------Product Systems--------------

Onboard:
  - Long-lived token like we did with Seen
    - Choose username, if available, claim it
    - No password needed
  - Add profile image
    - default emoji
  - Set your "status"
    - when people tap your profile icon, they will hear your status
    - when you touch someone's friend-row you'll send your status to that user
    - the default status is always that "Sup" sound we recorded last year
  - We require users to use their microphone
  - We require users to give push notification permmissions
  - Show invite page:
    - two buttons: share, skip
    - Each invite requires: username + invite emoji code

Friends:
  - Search by username
  - Add friend
    - allows them to send each other Sups
    - states: pending, friends
  - Remove friend
    - "Are you sure? Neither of you will be able to Sup with each other until you are friends again"


Sup:
  - By tapping your user icon, you can update your Sup status
    - you can search existing Sups
    - you can record a new Sup
      - microphone only (no speech-to-text)
      - sup name
      - tiny image (shrunk and cropped on client) -- 1 MB max
  - By tapping a different user's icon, you'll hear their status
  - By tapping one of your friends, you send your Sup status
  - By tapping one of your friends multiple times, you send your Sup status
  - By long pressing one of your friends, you can send a <5 second Sup
    - this sup will have your image icon
    - no reviewing this sound, it sends automatically
  - Receiving a Sup will:
    - play the sup sound as the push notification sound
    - show who sent it
    - show the icon of who sent it
  - Tapping a push notification you missed will:
    - open the app and play the sound on your friends row
  - Receiving a Sup while you are listening to a different Sup
    - Shows a "flash" on top

History / Inbox
  - A history of the Sups you've received in the last 24 Hours
  - Mark all as heard
  - Tap to listen
  - Listening marks as heard

Monetization:
  - Free
    - Send 3 custom Sups per day
    - Custom Sups can be 1-second long
  - Unlimited
    - Record as many custom Sups as you want
    - Sups can be 5 seconds long
    - Multi send?

Badges:
  - Sups sent or received
    - 10    --
    - 100   --
    - 250   --
    - 500   --
    - 1K    --
    - 1.5K  --
    - 2K    --
    - 3K    --
    - 4K    --
    - 5K    --
    - 6K    --
    - 7K    --
    - 8K    --
    - 9K    --
    - 10K+  --
  - Friendship
    - friends -- 0-day streak
    - we tight -- 7-day streak
    - I fux with them -- 14-day streak
    - BFF  -- 1-month streek
    - BFFx2 -- 2-month
    - Unobtainium -- 1 year
  - Streaks
    - 1   streak alive
    - 5   streaks alive
    - 10+ streaks alive
  - Streak

Community:
  - Free month of service -- 10 people sign up using your code
  - Free service for life -- the first 100 users who get 100 new people in the product (to send 100 Sups)
  - Physical Sticker -- send 7 sups per day for 1 week
  - Store:
    - Buy a sticker
    - Buy a hat
  - People should feel like they are making it popular
    -- Admin push notification: "We hit 1K DAU", "Over 10K Sups have been sent so far"
  - We can nudge users
    -- "It's your turn! don't let your streak with X die!"
  - Today's top Sup

Website:
  - The website will render a matrix of public Sups
  - When clicked/tapped a Sup is played
  - User can search for public Sups
  - User can export Sups for use within Discord soundboard
  - We ask https://slackmojis.com to link to us

Admin:
  - Mark a Sup as "featured"
  - Mark a Sup as "public" -- (searchable by the public)

? Invite:
  - Invite only
    - Emoji Code to unlock?
      - looks like a casino spinner -- slot machine
      - let people spin once per X to see if they can get lucky and get in?
  - Each invite code can work for X many people

* 06/25/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/24/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/23/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/22/2023
** Summary
Huge sinus irriation all day. Think its related to eating all that
ramen yesterday. Woke up at 6:30 with Mariana and studied. Mariana
went to a work meeting early in the day.

Seriously, I was snot rag all day. Incapacitated by how much sneezing
I was doing. Did some app research still but geez was that hard focus.

Hoping tonight brings rest.

* 06/21/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8am. Doctor for annual physical at 3:30pm. Seems
unnecessary unless something hurts or you want blood work. Ordinarily
they ask for lipids after 36yo but they do it now because of the WFPB
diet changes. Recommended Quest Diagnostics for supplemental exams.

Deployed the tiktok ads for Testcode and research music apps.

Climbed with Mariana after work. I'm gonna throw away those cheap
ramen packets. Feel like trash after eating them.

Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
01ad566df313c9186Hb2/cNt51FevMzRe3dVICYxHsFVgvAVMgLRsRKFEuQ2jJWzzIJNPxeGA7+shUaundg1k72/OXNVP4jOaVKWocQmaV2WDo6WIOfi3syuqfzfxkMhG+GMALw8oJMlPR/u3LAb4IGRbsfFa5IAIqPOyUIsfqTe+lfaS61DDuETZvSwLzlSUgsl9alh9amX86nbivzqcWbgCi0kX4PlZLV3ssBlUdCNHfsa5nDDGR8qyF02XKIWpT2GvNIuOQd62eLizQdVdYmKxeqsElm4Lex7b/SxgOioF5rcJvekCBOh2M7sX3+cHIV5fpJk69W5iqbNzKN4TAY0TBwkeGfQUDe8stP4dAmZYoTczIdMO56hBaW3W3JVSnaWStE0zY21XjIVcii1e7/XQiyVyWYeRitoxuJ6b7HOxpAs3eVayd8FqO2ZFvwVURimVcu4cjxHs1IE
PRIVATE
* 06/20/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7:30am and made coffee. Got tiktok ads and experiment
websites up for testing. Need to make and deploy Charles' tomorrow but
no biggie. Made some style and UX changes to the template too.

Told Mariana about the Magic idea and path to market. She liked
it. Even if the path to market isn't fruitful, she'll have a nice gift.

In the morning, I'll submit some paper work to Apple for my developer
account cutover (was attached to my old business), work on the
animation rendering, plan out subscription model idea.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/19/2023
** Summary

Mariana's last architecture exam was today and she passed. What a
joyous event. A whole new chapter or book really. As long as I've
known her she's been working on those exams. Excited for the future.

We went to Etta for dinner to celebrate then came home, changed
clothes and brought Leche to the beach to watch the Sun set. Leche
went nuts as usual at the beach.

I worked on side project. Got a nice looking animation running with
custom gltf object. It renders better on my phone but maybe its react
dev server? Will do a test deploy in the morning. A few more hours of
tuning the viz.

Talked with Dad in the morning in our "Hour of Power". Great
chat. Talked with Tim later in the day too. Good to catch up too. Not
going to be able to meet up with him this week (he's in LA) but maybe
next time.

Going to watch a movie then go to sleep. Juiced on ideas.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 06/18/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and texted Dad happy father's day today. Last year
Mariana and I had our Mexico wedding ceremony on this day. It's also
her Dad's bday and father's day in Mexico too. Mariana studied all day
in preparation for her exam tomorrow.

I did a bunch of errands (groceries, water, test print, new jeans from
Ross, uniqlo shirts online, cutover stripe on side project, fixed
print bug using pdf and better warnings for user uploads, described
the product, email cutover for 24HHP and this new side project,
started registrar transfer from AWS to CF, watch three js tutorial).

Going to bed now. Tomorrow have "hour of power" with Dad in the
morning then the day off due to Juneteenth. Leche sleeps in crate
tonight so we can rest well.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/17/2023
** Summary

Worked on side project while Mariana studied today. Chest day--juiced
my pecs--while Mariana swam, then we went to the Culver City library
to study.

Washed the bed sheets

Watched the rest of Black Mirror then went to bed.

* 06/16/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 06/15/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:15am and studied for an hour. Cold shower and quick
coffee before 7:30am call. Stand up at 9am then Leche walk. Billy call
at 11 then Alving call at noon. Alving is a digital assistant, we
spoke about some possible tasks he could do and will resync in end of
July.

Updated the website with latest designs. Lunch was leftover pasta and
salad. Dinner was grapefruit, mango, nuts, rice. Then later a snack of
popcorn and cereal. What a strange meal.

Mariana and I watched two movies because she had a headache and
couldn't study. Tangerine, the movie about trans sex workers that was
filmed on three iphone 5s (and a budget of 100K) and The Black Phone,
Ethan Hawke movie. Both had that actor who played Ziggy in Season 2 of
The Wire.

After work, went to Staples to test print. The lady who worked there
recommended I use a template and overlay my images onto it. That
worked so I'll do that going forward. Next task is to get the order
creation flow done.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/14/2023
** Summary

Woke up late at 8:30am. Enough time for coffee before
standup. Enhanced EQ experiment today. Super jacked. Lifted
afterward. Tried a squat press because I was bored and lazy and didn't
want to be out there long. 20min during lunch.

Debugged some CI issue with james then got the new email templates
styled. Tedious. Tomorrow a better use of my time is to create that
video application reply app. Why should you work here as a marketing
person. Don't ask for free work. Make a first impression. Call it
knock knock. As in opportunity knocks.

Have a call with that Venezula guy after call with Billy. Early
morning exercise too. Lots to do. Going to take Leche for night walk
then bed. Need to fold clothes from laundry earlier today.

<<PRIVATE
ba63488ec9137174eJEDwPidlfUaIr3PgOq/oJmBNDwsPEKgKdJ6l+EKXF1HqmJVVV0WuFW9quckvB7gDYo1gvLhxi4kNzTPnOmbOr0tEgAylGpBsAP/l1ncSkNvt2fit51c+imhlYAzOv/2ZE03jQhV3sDja/5eXu2FR/Cb3VD9FC8zMtmh5hfAJJ21iqrRpng2qDmRHn355R4fqxBczUBZV380Dt0BtklIEMKWKxwbFZfwSMfmMNY5T7hUddsT00gKg1Fo0Hg+McZYE/CJckkGgTKxijLoXVaax56yI5iU+pJIyY9ZfZm+PIy9aWNADthS6mez1FKPBP9qsmrHVXj1SylgAZe+PAeNqlbph9CQJ/tZqMiEW8ZR5pLzOhYYmXbwnmu7Hx2clzkNRUIDW2LYvBQG/TGs9zWehY2aZ8nush39LbHlTO/VLcBI/E3PIFiBdh1zVtmCXn0ViM20OZMbsoENKXeLIdhlrCqHWs39MgbFAWK7ElYYYY/CrVnDlp0b+Q41T0c3xQiFPc8We9hnrU4BRiK00hy46GAD1qDhIzBBHBLKYtM+M39bJwcr69dxNHDA36QidailyknGD3YF+fxJ3pvKR5p8fEpx0XuZ8ltNfFJHvzsCcfOuojfTcSuu9Y2lzsoziVWenqBqpnMnIb4XCdp1f34VC55a0DgZndo6QJijmiWkWVYjA2fQt4vgmnrsIXtrYAWBM+0cfsoe3/51z7W72LtqxEXA8OIrTICXD7fKcqdR/NuMqRrp8kwnSmHW03RClN5HSz8TbVUEjWg/lrXlIPR8YBGWn1zcqm8OZIjubO8lS1aCwZmaNMWYsm2YXTnX0q6p93wG4ANcJ5ONVmiLZNUt+nBjeZzFDUTxoKUP5kBIetIiedO/erOTpZ5Xjm6KInV/uXcmkI5ufMK+33UCcseLiaVSksaEeierLgGQoT9rUOUmULo+o8knXvOGRTEehRxSEiFR0Zfj2SS6C2D236TT+t0jfjiAi0lOzs+sIGwWVE/Xx0Aihxr6eRLMWzRMYCmBeywhYggIpkNIGqO7MdBr1L3+iWo5BY6tP8J6UGZQBOT6PcZvTsU69CRRT2WNHwYwtV1AOssg5aI11bPKCTAzefo+la6bMyGVviAvvPvN1OyU2Iql9JXBqXgz1SgVPgAhPjmusHQH7+SGuanvKnDkzDgIrbgwTO0A1I+L54mQU+ukF5zVzLisMG9hzO/21rYr6WMIzbCjlnMKJIdv8dPKBHrB8b6auEI/jHmFLn+f8EZhg0w6kol5VZ72QaAN9rbE3pU7O5ds85KRWcudDWtjdMlw27oqqCSTDZ8cI6671zP9roEAA2rx+5uhLNBbTMi6b3FrkpF3fgHQeN9D39EMVOYp98bv1PTbPOvSqekcOc0YSad7J19RkGgSuaYu8Uk2S3bD2qicHrOdMbXn2+L5u6gPkicYsLz4x+3dG90yQyJNzOKJ2A0clwHky+3YMg7pM/FzmVwbQjlRNyshiHmhwNvP7bTj6mqS+6rWM3Ma3FQtzybzJOJRwwox7U1bdfBVkjY+3LtBTwrFkYGVaHaOPQbKbEyd+B+Dt/r634urVr7lVzNKckcwT39jvQdtL5K3k0ojkRiVNgkPD/wDZ4JYEh8e28v1GU7rFzFSUI6DaAIcfwNpQXuhKEMFMQQB8dgZS5CajClfCItd15zeoLXWO6FdwPJFKUvWcYQXGgm6u2aO8N5+PjVoJBCeUI6cm16ATw2H1ZfqtVyRTPkL1GDX5Aq1N9vZnRqZuPm/UAUEuhiAtjnf5sFyl7Ww0l7J+Ad/hkhRB3iEqMrONY6tzzXVPa6avZlHOJx1Hbv66/tHyoVlekQdG8R0GrV6IbYYq3PUiEypCUZSuL0cbEGSdQd3U6lO415TXsWp/e+H6xym9TRcWp4oxbXFuoUTh5LFwr6UiVMTuINYbHP1SuB5XAosoxv8IH+glhqEzYxzIHDn6wqqrrWrgMHkRac7Y3j7nDL8aUo/Rp62I508/Qwswwf3ho9riuEsJL0q0NQAsw==
PRIVATE
* 06/13/2023
** Summary
Boy am I tired. Didn't fall asleep until 1 or 2am and woke up at
5:30am. Got coffee from starbucks, drove to VW santa monica for
servicing. Standup at 9am. Had 1-1 with Albert. Deployed testcode and
confirmed Albert's changes. Looked at resumes for Growth Marketing
role.

Pinged Tim, will be good to chat when he's in town next week.

Lower back was inflamed all day. Noisy energy.

Will pick up Mariana from her pottery then go to bed. Wiped.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/12/2023
** Summary
Mariana and I woke up at 8am. Made coffee before standup at
9am. Walked Leche after and had 1-1 with Mike before brain storm
session with Tim, a new contractor Billy has brought on for design
ideas.

Threw the ball with Leche at late lunch. We're practicing her catching
direct throws to her mouth. No lob. She's pretty good but could work
on her bite strike. If the throw is laser focused she can catch it,
otherwise her nose gets it. She's very motivated with those chicken
treats too.

Added circle ci linter and walked for 75min on treadmill. No socks
though so blisters on feet. Oops.

Had big salad for lunch and rice and beans from Versalles for
dinner. Side project after work.

Going to read then bed. Waking up early to drop car off for servicing.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/11/2023
** Summary

Weekend was pretty chill. Mariana and I watched two stinkers of
movies. Clint Eastwood's "J Edgar" and "Showing Up". Both sad, slow
melancholic.

Prototyped more of idea. Nexus is interesting. I think this means I'll
run multiple concurrent experiments.

Tomorrow before TT work, I'll prototype the idea IRL.

<<PRIVATE
1dafe6f24b64393a8tB2GVsyEQkO8EfoiKEDFbaNTjm0TBFCiL8B9gaUjfsT05tzVXvIqJMo/e9wxkVVT9RgqgXQcWEEGFruzJEzABsipnbvUD7yrX1O1R25+LlRkB6ylb48iMcgF91ebOfaM75Gx8RPMmLowY0/w1Kr8owuZCgbLT5Jsm8zToobr9FzeqbNzeTbzrv9DBIir1u2eGZ/CbYV7YUZnteR9PAAFIb6YdCPUE+mM/QEfktnclaEWI/Xnb1FIHqIMVWMlBXmoo8XuKUUWvhG7RcXE3a2wjEdYbeNeg3k/mCE/sGZm7cO947ysjbO9LRcPs+T8BwYZIB94AM5RXA0IeFtgknMye3ZmG6iWQASaVd8QCcZ/vbaJg6DYuleiQCyFMHKR+IQiCg65hR+fnUDKUUiXBgv0OLaa5yoyc7rD9BaHaMS+Wa39gLLo8vplXbC5WHp2WmnV92j5l6WbMXFSN9qwp3gbmRv1hztwu6He0UTFW58P6/rXIY5QIR1KHcmZw8w+VoY1kr5xxGWJAbfnuuXMvq5PeZv49UTX70EiFvB2HLFREa+sv3GIkcLaldalhfRZe4jhIKizOym+APt5FSOJwBxajp00xAOQym87VpjnxM9wkYWVvVXln9bWa1DBFvTVnqbLihvhHn5fUhYwBythh+B6xyhJvoWHC5Z0MuHPXsp656XJJ6A0Yw2IVrhnNk3Vhcfh3oHqCUYO1/Ql0R7q6QnPog21f5SMHe2BcaT00NXaeZdci32DC/JTyHthDXaxVT6gsbJphoB5UdcvpqKJHOnD0oFFYtqfgKR5U57J824TTtti88Rln6BsvSSpBfqWEemlVEvYhe4n7ia/wMfZZnKsdLPoJJjWp/qHLCZWCaTnyPhW4s46sAxcztbuLwaK2jDelk4wfRPVAoVptoBoUV4tCx2/T+3jx1UCGNatMF+zozEBH6DsEeUtLyA93j1lIM8WnpRpW2KayC7LqGPl6ucHJwz/0PNwLzlKac5HM70fpWLQKcThpSchEZ69oH3UJltaMjVDpTR2dnzWTuDRIsaHDNASs1p0lEw8knMm4+4pYNjRlKmuacmTemUEnOpKItrny7nnMoYcf1Hg11pQz1ehXPg1okVQA616jknm96jJ7g0+/g2+l3kEJId0ZpMkiRimK3BbwNe3pjVYKOtKkjhYozJipD1TO2FkazH9Fklczk1cP4iDssl6tZeLOQDmkkfZycfR2w6GzvyXhGBj3/kML4U24BNFHUA6SVoNFRY3vyqModPU7p9RK3EOfJOkYY7qN/DG73VaozTWoCgQL2Eya+3ZSM3O+cmy3ZdbwSlZxEKOCMRzmhlilyEYyK//POCsSTJZU/mBrg7Nbak7v0FpkPYoAfTxwrIjUxUuEV8nTpnbH7L/p7tMHbB5HuGypZojVqA9j4Dzuc60ckR7cOLxK2FfO1X5ajOS/ywpp7fCYmT5aX4Q4enbOFGs2eNKM72bxt2d83TRDfv1laXKele25v9Vqk+03fhNMtEu3UxJln4+HjhFAv1OtNj+/0AuijCjBEIT3r4YFlRdZEnnJY+igS+D7s9u4K0zva1iyd9W3ThYwGLsyciYSMzpwQD0warwg+Tr8rCIjiAjMDvDP0m6IZ7+QwPKDmWI5CKwf4Sf+E11YLpe5AqmeyXWhAP8ysQxhBoeffYjoFm7oHBLJVyjvnoyROcDRZVPb+0BFKhq4Cks0dBKwshOnETyxnx5DBdgpPAl/Tvcb/onE+3lJ6Bkt51vEJmSI9QskVXK0R64dYxkohLPpNXRJfiXHVGdlXw1kZz6PdkKLnqVZLod4mFsw+/2z0Wd+6n8MwwpGTtpDnsn68VOfCC+Dg62FGCUtdyJQD7z12MVV7WC2/nnz/AasiGrEOvvFnUzkry6QwuVWyKOUU5T3KdFWV/7bVgEmuuxh6zsiTSKY2GCsc8mWatCv7bCcysQibKFEkuE36/hO5RWo7WNMJ2KcMImomRToqYC2rXPRkySaj0xJcyuAm8qyiTCFVSc3ov1+isxmq8e6sni++umaS0TXg1HeIrqDmKxcJ05MWsWTOG2u7bg2eua5kCpxBdn8QFY/hW0d2raHBmdvOEC2nFztXynfWdulH5vAnQ+mHKBOsVbKMHi1FwgW28dqOWuEc7UkrYcqx8ujQ45DgOmDg7XH+cFUJt+14Uo7InMfL8wxnWmV0tI1MJ6RiIJRDFTDcdeGBZDyx3lhLsmM2Rnj8fDQ8EwWVcgmUWPMGFhik0kpqWM+ik750k58q5P9dRkIyEpkVv83CgD2oeuALPHkIO2wO9glANkbOUXzOGjA==
PRIVATE

* 06/10/2023
* 06/09/2023
<<PRIVATE
b909984d7be1b302/YTfwXhZtizuThcVhiihI9aujWeOV1NRwASg7+A5mN/68HGbzeqx1R4b9ohhrMNDh9Z9pmS/iU5Sp+kaXaP+7kX99inB/aFnEQf2ogZniE3szuF7186+d7Qi7k9uz51CoqTgxDXW/Fit3X3va9YKWonl0Nf1j3xqWohEo2TysIJwX5QpAmKykQBnY9A1VTehGVj+TyS/seR+RcLsTsVq97/NfikaArJvhQP9qKaWD2+AYzsNizjHXiuSMKmgKkSLXkExW3X9qpfoONiGvt67ekenoSlxiUG50Iw3NWz7gszueSo05m0JXoCP7x93+qwOUAb79qoS8PFcuCkuLMzm9I/0v6Z05ax5DrWh7+zeZCWTCMtsb+hAfL1csv3zM69q8RPDXw==
PRIVATE
* 06/08/2023
** Summary

There is so much great stuff online. When there is a seed of a
creative idea it's easy to nurture it with link after link after link
growing different paths. Tonight's wandering was in AI image
generation with https://lexica.art/ which seems like a great
integration with 24HHP

Woke up early and walked on treadmill after coffee. Researched the
"magic" business idea I head. Still viable, just keep it simple until
business model proven. Basic web, then mobile with subscription, then
the magic and if proven, decide what to do next.

That's a lot of side project tbh. Get 24HHP in a managable
headspace. Next launch? Promotional tricks? Top domains on the
project? Last published content?

At TT researched the Gas App launch strategy and did a Tiktok
video. Will recut the tiktok video on some feedback from
Billy. Tomorrow for TT, will demo the IG install loop and note
difficulties with accounts. Can create multiple handles?

Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/07/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 8:30am, got bag and cup of coffee from Commissary with
Leche. She didn't get a treat.

e2e test for Hightide, waiting for payout to land in bank.

Spent the day thinking about the next product.

Lifted after work.

Feel sluggish after ramen dinner. Not blood sugar, just doesn't feel
very good.

Going to bed now. Will read. Low effort log here.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/06/2023
<<PRIVATE
be0a1fc0f6e23e88r1QIcdtxLsCoChXNcFaRV/6+9MGZNJ1qwGZ9KhMX+lqDYwXnTQaF39NLxjDxnfvSz7lCtkOdFZUxM/4Ov1CcqfeaOJw7eH+322xBYlewxM/mKM80cLq/rye/+bs6DuufXhu/ayTdCokN1V+DU+31XORSHfMputHvDvK//JDUezy8QyQxA9U/dyU32O4AfiFIKAI2NFEMc9dsOdD2M0mCKMhlKt7N1MtbZUftokoPF1rm3kOVQkvUJkxEOxJlXloGnKxBPSVDT/MHlFEc9v7lhKFfzghc3t/mr97kTebjopAXFPrEVgBgokrj8h5GpnBF8pBEsvyRQIMWFimvZNGePD7P83dpW0VaJtFnZYH1PAJknYTv8/gQOAhvgs1ttFerC69i1auYG3+ybvLFc5ix01l9AG7MZxKmruU3CPb6I16N0ENTEZzOI9F8KAGW1NjzxjVqySvy82RAwWZkb9ObyxJHFUNm5fPf2uazkdYXku/C+meHaFS9kFs/I57sVkPUlPycA3qmprxU+hlfCnXYCcSg8zSlR2gG7lNgbyxvVtSVMf0P
PRIVATE
* 06/05/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7:45am and made coffee. Took Leche on a short walk before
hopping on call with team. Morning dedicated to WWDC video. Maru drove
home around 11am.

Lifted during lunch. First part of the ProductIdeas backend. Leche
played with her friends on walk when Mariana got home. Mariana had
picadillo for dinner, I had leftover pasta from Pasta Sisters the
night before.

Going to bed now. Supplies for side project arrive on
Wednesday. Prototyping it is fun but shouldn't be main
focus. Admittedly not motivated for the other goal without some
confirmation. I should still keep marching in the darkness. Plan will
change if nothing changes before vacation. Regroup after vacation.

Bed time after some screenless reading.
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/04/2023
** Summary
Maru arrived yesterday driving up from TJ. We went to Universal
Citywalk to see "Sanctuary", a film about a power dynamic between a
hotel business heir and his dominatrix escort. Strangely
entertaining. Reminded me of Linklater's Tape

Went to Pasta Sisters today for dinner. Didn't get much else done and
I drank a lot of coffee.

This week will bring some positivity at TT where we will test new
ideas. Tomorrow we declare what the test template looks like.

Going to bed now, might read more Robert Schuler if I can't fall
asleep.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
b98d7ebccdc19d01XC+he/tc5kXOFJUcvqrIjpFVnmmWGQAg2Bkm+bRxqzCiOpGpAP8hL6goJnWG0OEco5fwSs4l8TbZmfBc5BC5eBSDAMfUMcn4EfzZjso0a/qFqfp8U+vFmwIvb0NAKh0MDHog/at+Jp5w7MRZ1+wZtOSW/86CXgeQY7eHIm+DG9hCQvIQY71e0n5fZ7GbGS7cS9rMcfj9/q2JWXowaXNBIWPAOKccOKoCYX4yZAOMy/ZUhT0Tbj/Ec2I2VCTlL+//udZ5D/yRZZYX+RpZdvWN0VcQy5INGUuBDeR4McjNW1wyjxjaf9uye7e6g7jakQLT7K2RAxHrkNl8iKCmOLNVR1YcJWT4XZsDQdxaw69WLWzKGQu/GNBgNorjBl+P6GEGCrG8s8Mxwnap/RaWWdp3XVB0ENuA6eEybVwsjVIZ6wG2uyxNvmAzI/T1AOsLMjWgDzLn9I7WWO0f+/xR9cQs5YbVjCEWOdn6Bn8Eg50LyHLsGnZU6xUm3cbesTvikna8l275pUmCJf2TnAS1PNQSiOr5ZkSw1yWLNAvWbA7ARAlGeRj52a7hd0ntJ27nTt6LrUBRBnzQWGGPkFbNm7jdI0nfbHjuCVpEOhmrmw/pz+P3PPHU7s5x91QPNphPvoADy7xtdz41FwAPRHwIwNwbVFdt9dD17+LgLkMvotkNGxpMOZaz/RaQyWsuH+A5pqcpXDkVDKk4PDNnx4kI7c978tkU4wAxyRpGFdReoIjOp/qYEZLrH5V389+nhG82qgrsYpYrZlrh4GIKkPkRPZfeKgRRxOR4MmkmtPGYAyagLfN34g7sZUY7WddqOZcaYoYMszt9VAyed6zpoVldBXVGS01kSQBr9vNEvaBOrXp23gKSdbwmQcpfPdmbkNc0jUGc1vgn6InY5itpO7vnM6o4MxjavoijCCP7/JyNQ7krG3utm+rKexwxp+QzvgZBgTix2rp3+FmmSY9YmbBsWo23X1GsDEBtN4cubSdh7pGl+pNorL8/kbvRzt8KIC8GrRB319iKa1KBtO7TnaBfmt5q0I+REMNZDvWUl2eAlbPBwjqPg4luumr+hJ2fYrduuYkpV2fgjrIup2zpMtki47wLeR/+exHJx1FLZX5c/oDEupujungEx6xlqSrOXFw/NcakUjESufGf8H1b2V8Venekxq/baihKHo2huIi66AJkNAPjJKXM8qhwbpvqrz9W1W2jAVd7t7Zv9vkCN1lkgpzZTf4CHmwpLxIvl9oUNdCdNTy8PkMipmqBjORaX7K3pgH9eycZR+wsYzmBhaoIgKR0B8+cFgNRpkj+VAntn/MVpu+1Bg05Lu/Af+hJY2AtWC1yhUdGM+9AsuU53jXTtwj+yzgMoSkLv6TN8fTT8XhsDN3Hgs+psoPId7J+Q0+SW7zReVeuwNyAUEYbtEP4Bc9ynY2xzjIYSAvGWn9IzbWto/E6aeoizz+Twi2TLmEDk9grvZ9pXa/vAp3QmkrHAJdKAVk8qVnqpXYzdC51yyBP3nora+s70khcWbF/o4IRXbToIe0VIWPU9sZ2cb/ckN9tfoHNT0aiC+DthJU6aLFdQXpbOQd57NgJF28KDu2evu+1qsGjlt/JfWaCWgVjQxfjxsuZoFbAkJiew4jXzRKR4Os1Dd3qCUr5dKI9X0drVO2nVTRXkl7g3IJ5NLj3dmmw8pdcdOncDH0ZVjwr8UuL9+PxN3ugMXpM39D7jCdSQnbR0RTpwuBQHQZEaZgCvQtbz4mI4h8QecFC04CeG0xkPQw25Ou6lEa40FcYXJ1sHPjwdTzltBqxNrSnVv4guaDbX44/7LtlQ5T8Wd0R05OC8PODIy9BGZ79UqAln/3bxm4tRyPnm6BHi7VHV2hnokhHYBbvaLLWvYR3lg2+D8RKcxcvV/LGM2RE8Ru85lIF7WmFUlh1ygkZPjh4dwliRzq7mXdmnbYn20NK/UfMVhH/rOtvWk8vP8bzgg+Qa7YHJ2PS0GBuPj50cF/f9EPHXtfD6HW4RtI9M+K7f4wtgo5SpXNoab0qr6Q4fsasVsIk4RT9yINgfwtd5Xayr3Qf8oReXBt2D+o7o1UHl3pS3s66RJqmypJ+/RwZXuplB+mf3liDZO/LEN1qhZ3AUhifzVn/OF8TNcRy05MAIF6FJc3+l2J94xk5MyTPI3IEIeu1F23seB2pI+AfH5xryorxY0jYau/r4Z7y3zm/Ua645dvEltolA/DZOhIc9FAr92zTJ334pAYBFe4wUtZ6Zu+5+s4tA/WXeCmgaqddK2raIE4W7/OoUaFAtIHDoBUx2QxOUiQt/0aOViEGFs29t93sdnNVzxScp7q2FpKi7x6TqjeMmYMt0JFepJ9/iF0jWvBJwro1KCH1oYH2iWzVeBoz7g93tXjA6j5AIFozgKZI7ALnpxtfaiNQxkHdsKEWlVLp0QgszjaacaN079iH4epnSKkrB1ct3hy6WsMrijf/WsCXS62sjxdHpI9hBo3IJ7zTLCYpIstwLGHrHgRj6tbT00WRo8RzhXTRtrxT3wOFIeMEcQuzRd0/fZTGxE8X3qR/6n6z3jgkNyQDwrAHO9EIHov5/yPj7WsmBxWaqlGYyItOVDP+ZmaEPGpaENdpu5Fbf3KTNrrv6pkmpy9a4LQhmD2/+CI5lVBfOYYMHBU4yXmXleWRMvr2AtBojtUDExxdQA2yE9AWl2srh3TGEEkb89h1vSbS4B7igkUlk8q6Lz/HUoha3M2oE8l4ZMf6ujSlbplxN1zPq27uxIgJKjllbb12OreaxaMYseQXWgpc4yNUGQ+D+aYLIbgYfiy6UTN1P5jNxABp+CtgAtPLOPpyLvlpLvxpoKvyiNFqrn9FPns9nrrvBAn+Qw/OkmIJk1VLY8PwxZjlP3erKMpqGnzIRFuH1dUeQPeTeNQjI9XU6tyV+SVq+YIeV2r7Wxl0rw4muHPII8S2bDqBmhKsf+WCGAXPlCiwJrgy+IKCdLAg7XZcu8RX/AeMh+2cwWeldl7T4R4i+iu3c+faDzgnzL+/4dYDeH/Vh8AwWDGw3AJd0KOAbhIUhMLjN54IBlXiSAj1B01b8ef3+TsrrJzuCVyfUSs9v7PaKMGWULkX6ToMBBC2x5TnTLK68aHUta+7xaft/sul1sYnNWhQwlp5w1EusmjzjOT0rL9Nia1ZpfIsdQRkBMcCoLwSCZwN+zhh76U8NR/f0YeqybiEKmB+IWNRFZN08RexijJuJZmFfl9zX5sLqKL5BXXZmlJycgSI69EddFBpNB5cphwkWwMX8ssX4K/rWYjhQn1Pei1z1SkmEZzMiuYdeyc6iIFhtQKt0RnGpV8xI/AhNTy1pwJs4xIMobl1Ud/M988WrbU21uLZ3kuz1OH/cwKsHy39I+HxyWJvX5b7JrRFyssyDGnd6QZK/SNm5L936GTcPUE42SSYGDqVDJUwx/WHfGhX9F6nW6/k1kX8OtjjkOjliMdudpaCEjQimEoPyKicveHhFQZD5QNuRC5tEygQUKhz+kYgg8vNhtlksn/vK15nAPtZ/vmy5sVmbNPRohtbxviFqD1yRiS9hgVzqY2BgMMleCOK7KwQGe5SKej2Q7rXONnED56XmQeVgigFVlrCC0Q/NKlxiHMaGMevE1wIS3StBwsTgV1PyF8GZLv0BEKlRdicK2U/nudKAwGvL6/JDos4ZjCQ9N5k+lW0WN3+Lj3s20Z0AScqVgpoLWQnGGvngwK2EUCsnPOezFZe0bmlt1HHxazW+ezXKbDVH9eRvFvOSR1avyb/XA4LMKEg0mR9swiSqm1EEo9YBfTL9vqqTt3OxjDPcr50NhfUpjc/KXbK/AvTDoRTthyNUTC2YdIxakckyXphZjL80OfWqERp/R3OHhQtb+ogwkCFKiHlksoR1lurDtb/jNWIRAi4d7d4M85Y0vEdagdffUaWw42A99OtN7O2rx6c4C8YneSqNgu4UXW3N8Xz2GwqX0aP5oRsVLMe3b/JyNIcQoSojo34K00x4DcRM+bhksgg6tn/Ky6Y6/y7cE0yu57D4nLx01Y0iTgO++PH7vJOo0pCiigRJ0+ZXL/DFM3eOCzOb4e5Z2EJSKWP3qVlfoWRjeEtTXTC3jsXJoIhKS5/Y3QM9VqVRNdsmRbvZhIEtC1ib0Dn1jOhAKcmyM7YQnR3a33id+vw5i30fZpStgSLzUQIsqE9wj4OpZv/oe7ocb8ItFyQwpiFRsSq23UaMkQ4MY7BX9NDqvL6yGQukVYDzNiDLnv9TuOKrUu7l3/vzo0HskxSpy9waL3c/VU6j+dUM2GmIVzhBVAybCSjg4rEyBdIuTPC5l/LSB7lln1s6IGaAaBWLDxjaM9SklChivaB0AEdaCkUCFeT3Wk7BI+Yn5QtQc2ohrhnh3AVm02t0h+37zsVw/kEUp5KFrx/hDAfSEnncaKRJwe2bQhVeFMV+2+TO//52UngPl1DyBNUHTvMQ3VzO1mC00jk76qtx3fcYbu54/s9MfPC7fc2LlWYj9MQNk9Xw5ypXqeGXn/jrLm3FMXBvC9M74EHYXDPY6oVpDEP4QoOaTXc7y7aowBTnDQKQEvnpNnUk8DnQdbyOzOSnD+uoPTJmUbl5IfbtcVoCv4UB0os6+YoOZCj55kh3QPYOmgYqft5tzjLQkEZ9kiLsQ3cXEQk2ShFBw85sALORgGd0brothklL9ApR5YhQ6kxRavys/uiNamBFWVpquUWWcUjxIvPMjJ3PTWY4jJEAJhX6HQEDlvh9qK+MV1chOwl6PtyJlCCKD1vgjhH/CeyUosardE/K/diMJMBXG2Z78uS2LsheEmSxLm8EeOmvzhklUljJ9XdSZNrVDb+oEIkV5MnMCZaCXOCNXvWbpjImcofW+wvt9+l4fY8E1j+nsQlKAqTrkVIayQyYdg3QJY5xKKwJ9V9UwJK3W2BlGJPmfEC/dEGPe+hEGeiloW3qsfek4urzXupnDFXwy/UJF19ByoXd5C5KZZW1WG976nySAWVP2d0T7ZzWIAsH4pg67O88I/XSxvgidAs3BD1AwjjUoSDct2+6V9Dacimq0HbfxgAec7sF++bFOqq6EjreZRSbWPOzzKJiKM2uttlna9c1kQ5/S4+LtYJvXxMwE4djkmjaxNpoeWp52U350HVCJHSn+hrroOoGgSBDWUz1m0NdVzutswHfFUNhuADYLZ+digMK3tWlfJYjPYtNjDz5IQZ0ZjHR5R5i3QRieLmSzbHpNYQCumf6Pq/QE3J/LhQSIGgsgkTcbT49BFeB41hQK1GiomQSvgvfBbYCNqsgY+tuPIgqFukyliY+Rk7I6vPBzYmUrwbgMrbjkhZBIUzDW4/qwG0U0OHOeqMLv0dOtDHnK9W3hYXInQ6OusqW80SA6LdJaHSEmSDqkzzvMEPjXnnk0kcHlHadxNCk2PRuEBYlv8BEtc1qH9yOrJlYz/eZYHvnGGv7kemXm/xRO06BmmCUsUsEqZIRUFWEXkS5PsJa9Xb7mDKTLx7PMLyQNNfn4WVsRCAETLNzhRSKQqfgRv/EZyZoryY20NmCtNATVi7LLGUT3zwD2QEBRka26u1+4izlV7ruwvRIISgEO9W/in93V4wpxlqIZMgP8ZhYhEnKf5QXWYf2XLt/m4GdQT/IjV15sZZcwJPwFAprAHYCeomfUlUqb4sxFxLQJ9N0deGceQkvM+lVWZ/idnd7d6/kB20n5olwoZc4vZud/mlYiVUk9qP5p/fTyGfkpwkJgVQ/Ne5YZibDmWTFnfnIKOsNZKa69whRe0GXAeHcbeh95MamC7+IWh4xt7rlIXpBTkiXiBhzisI3YB+/gV6Zu+VSHNuKA/TVC4MWTruIqSxlSpjMNEPlEjvNVsSBOgrE+XxX9UUUuXrSh2nPFEP29oNEI2CNQhmcQAsVHFdX8Uj9ca+gBq0gEaNm4pfkBYIOrTpbjltTC8IPOC16qixCru0AydUfPjY8wAzTHvXthEyV/tHJXgY3DI8at3AzUlnTiIEvVhhXJS3hTkw2IZ+Ry1tuYZFxIUTlPatrG3MRs+0ZXWsWpQXWkUhAlqIC13cLyCJGAoWs+I74WPG6/Jxn02ti6G3ncTAaENndtoDkgH1KykIhdjJ71EQuP8K4CFu6fi1f+A9UOVVLHiEp5DLZWXPgn0HATrQ7Omgq9AkbEqqMXQWyA1IQqkH+LQpxZCDeAsMdVdt0kA4YbQMkRvCopIHfLlVDVob59KRoeqR5CFom14ryEgValBScATjgJWkJ6Wfu1H28zi2jg8H64NBP9QOgpoBg1x3Zd9ZKWbOOIPSS77Jew2fEdxVyqPfzJeVw80uGY+b4TzcTeYcL0dUfKDu9Fn6b4J4VlVjt0yhwdrRcunh4mh6BhvQOC63c6/EKkFZYGBOKrt4O5psIpTIzDl4xqmMlEc7dTVcedCpPaWGssjzbGP2RaO80815wJJRePgv9laO3Q/NjRs+Y4YK+pfWMedbpxM5D5tLkfDXTndg+0ejwgOex04gxaFtmxKRlCAdKkFtW6UbO7hpX62VHs6gAYiaT2vFGSULnRSs2D7eCJyY5PO3Hy2rHbJ1PWVwWtYYhpvVbyApjbETtjLaIAjejsj1766LtAWnRuawcpSxHc7VTkxgTpLKnKNIEscxkXrflg+c8c94E5BRPwMez/m++K/pw5SloOsAjrBJnE5qn9Fd2Ohx/MgjEBqpztmWSDtrDLo49jmbV6VvH7CkNP76rBxh8sSKiDRCBrWe767n0HeVyrdm2dG6oXbBRYkgblpwvkCexSuW5/eum5w+W0u9R0pGRegjCxhecinEh4IojMJGvFd2hP7HiKymD+fTeV8zdRIQM/6od14n8VmgjSBFxwAv3JFL3MdttptPMenTWBpuXnKYwL3A5snQHSaiHStd38RBksLL4YVuBaGTHX43ASgk/YFBWqXOAQYw5O563NEtF2EgCFqcgj3Dl+GAdquH9Zn+MuhRnKcls4tTFHndL0lg73fg4/hu+hsuSUzjNqL2d5KztlnxZsU8Ezyu+Cx2tDCBnd5f8zrkagNyVXRJsFioMx8u/u3epup+Ii3ED81QUOYSxLDL+nsOd4yC3vBCIC12ZpSFPkZx4UpHC3aoVFABTfNA6rAap2R08b5/0yZrRux/LhXgyeeraWyTNgRQ4BDcb9Nwru1yva8WzaDc0nZbj8sjADzph71aK7Mz0MnDYu1NE2bKkTtQ2KYIclcQNddj+QuY382cM0cPC5bvXtMh2eEH4yuzAoF+kvDr7ee2q7+pO/IZxRTzzbtIl+xyXXsJCwEsCCRG+t7Itk8PaXogn65nL77wfru5+Op5FpwC5XuP0jWJku+FKXDcT3+8zOVSrWFhkGWw+xIeAvLwtMT5JgoP9VhwkIFki6+INMOlFxMMhMeQJdocovuRMwUvxqN6iQMWVXLQJz5Ac2nrCB87Ix6/2MHwQUQ/GdIBIw5X44bcbWKGBulmy9Agl5q+TPJ4UTbQ8DSBkkzPW4W6d4ZWrp2bzJPAZtVgmD5Phi/LE2tUrv2O7vSXq7miWRZ/B1pR//ahBgMoUUVcK2dqHgaP+zi+JchMkxnoYc6CtbrX8AVn9cTpOGf0EiVVlwW5ATnLMNH7nFCkCx3h+Qe/1pfP4E1flSLdkn5QNXc5Lz7nB5coogIr3hPjRQ==
PRIVATE
* 06/03/2023
** Summary
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/02/2023
** Summary
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 06/01/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7:30am. Made coffee and took Leche for a walk before
standup because she was super anxious.

Good to have Billy back, the sprint went well and most tickets are
done. Next sprint we'll work on a tight new "validate the idea" system
we'll use for every app going forward before building.

Had great lunch of lentils, rice, quinoa and zucchini. Garbage dinner
of 3 packets of cheap ramen (no broth packet). Trash. I cook more rice
and potatoes for my lazy food.

Bed time. Reading Robert Schuller.

<<PRIVATE
1c483e7899651a2fAe88EPbRbjtwLM/va0BPGt+NtLpPPZnnl7VegTkXHtPJVAPHivgWNepLxcQiAyirEGK+8B7HK2urdiehBToa/TBSnC/Fu0sQwgwtjKzFUcf26jfpo/1W55mMNIynDOMomx2v8pZzt+sQOqYRLUQ+SM1yK2uaut7WstRvQN02ign+YkR1JTmSYAvZzzcdjO4ohs0PdLpJliK2g20GvNnUVPMj52H3ZRYwse7TeNxm/qnNiVdN8NeLBWSyhmGttijrTZwQD4QAFhdIP1SHrTFliekDLA/Rf/5fwHUk0sjE/Tdkk3Xt1k39cvMFg6ch4NNgoX+xvzW0Ltg+LGD8sq0J3NRPcuYZCVPn6ojYa9UqMUSA16FbzGMsnAFC1Iab9dDGGqajfsAD1/Uohox1ItjVq6Yw2qAYMInkZjX7eVOEHmoazPsgkR1z4jENR3U+7+YYqdxCcHf26FBJB+NBUOSniQrq8EetJ2ZB
PRIVATE
* 05/31/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7am, Mariana by 7:30am. Made coffee. Eggs, spinach and
toast for her. Just James and I on standup today.

Leche walk after. e2e test after cleaning up data on prod and
redeploying. Spoke with Jeff about his new media studio. Played with
Leche during lunch. Lentils and rice for lunch.

Ted Lasso and caccio peppe for dinner. Going to bed now. Restless.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/30/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5:30 for practice at 6am. Rusty. Standup at 9am. Lifted
during lunch. Lentils and rice for dinner. Delicious. Followed a
recipe this time. Coconut cream makes it better

Prototyped the hardware idea. I think it can work but might not build
for several years. Still taking notes.

Sleeping tonight with small piece of tape on mouth for breathing
test. Pretty calming so far.

Bedtime

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/29/2023
** Summary

Memorial Day. Woke up at 9:30am to have a call with Kuba, a content
marketing consultant, about 24HHP. I'm not sure how I discovered him
but I think from someone referring him via twitter. His suggestion:
start reaching out to companies that are already doing creative
marketing and get them interested.

One way might be to have a "Yesterdays most clicked second"
profile. Interested position. Maybe a regular digest. Talk about the
value of the service. Know what that value is. Don't be spread so
thin.

Mariana and I had breakfast and Rockenwagner that breakfast spot on
Washington we usually go to. We spoke of the latest news in our
friends and family's life.

Came home, planned on showing Mariana's bike to an interested buyer
who then rescheduled to 7pm. When she came at 7pm she said she'd think
about it. That means no.

Mariana and I watched "The French Dispatch". Not a fan but it was nice
in its usual formula.

Several walks with Leche and some outdoor sunshine with her. Trimmed
the sides of my head hair and cleaned swept the bathroom.

Tomorrow I wake early for practice and do more thorough e2e
tests. First manually with my account, then with the script.

Bedtime.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/28/2023
** Summary

Read Derek Siver's "Anything You Want" and got some juice from
it. Work out in the morning. Chorese (groceries, laundry, cleaned
shower).

Watched series finale of Succession. Disappointed. Researched one of
my fun side projects. Inspired by Siver's book, it's good to work on
things I find enjoyable. Maybe that means thinking of 24HHP less as a
sales thing and more as a playful place. How to get others to see it
like that? Git-faces idea is worth more.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/27/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 6:30 to early alarm but slept in till 8:30am. Made coffee
and took Leche on walk.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

The day was choppy. Made sweet pancakes for breakfast for Mariana and
had some too with two eggs. They were good but WTF i'm not used to it
and felt sugar high for several hours. Stayed calm but didn't like the
feeling of only refined wheat and sugar in my belly.

Went to library to study.

Going to watch "The King" movie then go to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/26/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/25/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5:30am and got the webcam feature deployed by 7:30am. It's
not a great implementaiton on ios mobile so tomorrow I'll hide the
button for mobile devices in favor of the native camera picker.

Stronglift from 7:45am until just before standup. Just me and Charles
in todays standup. PRs took some nudging to get merged. Focused on the
e2e system today.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/24/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5:30am, solid sleep. Webcam prototype worked but need to
clean it up. Was going to do it after work but no time and I'm tired.

Finished the Brand transactions and cutover prod keys. Deploying
tomorrow after standup. Coworked with evan who is back from paternity
leave at Airtable. Coworked with Mike in the morning.

Meal crashing. I need to eat more greens and veg. Could also be that I
woke up 3 hours earlier. Had yerba matte around 1 or 2pm. Weakish
coffee in the morning.

Watched Ted Lasso with Mariana and had tuna tostadas. It was good
during the pandemic but I'm glad they're ending it. Had a good run.

Tomorrow morning I will get the webcam version of the site
working. Two icon buttons, one a file/image and another a camera. Hide
that camera one if it doesn't work on mobile (the mobile camera picker
in ios works just fine). Editor vs WebcamEditor or extend? Extend.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/23/2023
** Summary
Finished the ambassador transactions table.
Did quick SL workout at lunch.
Made /now page and shared the awesome-chads project.
Webcam for 24HHP is next
Then polish round
Then PH launch or nudge system
Shameless on sales and partnering for anyone who wants to grow
it. Think: who would want to be part of this stunt?

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 05/22/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am and made coffee. Retro and spint planning at 9am
until 11am. Lots we reviewed and the consensus was pretty
negative. First retro we've had with more in the "Bad" column than
"Good". Some engineering comments but mostly "focus / direction"
comments. Will raise it with Billy when he's back from vacation.

Sprint planning was good, feel like we have a basic amount of
work. Still feels like we aren't estimating properly or it tickets
take too long. Could be a remote thing. Helpful to do an audit that
doesn't just showcase that I commit a heck of a lot? Should be
motivating for the team not discouraging. Team is kinda down right
now. Hard to be cheerleader but I've got some ideas.

Before Product Hunt it would be good to have a web cam capture for web
24HHP. It exists in mobile ios as the default file picker but for both
interfaces it'd be good to have a separate button.

New day tomorrow. Workout will feel good, always does. Leche is
sleeping in her crate tonight since we haven't been getting solid
sleep with her in the room.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/21/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8:30am. Coffee. Mariana woke up at 10am. Leche walk and
picked up breakfast sandwich from Commissary for Mariana which I ate
because it wasn't her cup of tea. Worked out and made protein smoothie
with beetroot powder. Filled the 5gal bucket with water twice and
water the plants. Mariana came to demo her waterbell again on three
plants.

Leche bath today and trimmed her hair. Succession at 6pm with Mayura
Indian food for dinner. Delicious. I had a Dahl and basmati
rice. Ordered a few appetizers too. Delicious.

Unfocused but kinda relaxing weekend. Mariana had some car trouble
yesterday that was a stop-the-train emergency. Turns out the battery
in her car key needed to be taken out and re-inserted. Car was totally
fine.

Tomorrow morning I'm going to focus on the FTUX of 24HHP. Committing
stories vs commiting one off frames.

Fun, short-story narrative gif creator. Make silent movies in gifs.

<<PRIVATE
a0bc1dcc80ce42155+eKjo6LnOorha7PK85nFzyisWs3ucx6XCCJnXCHkpja/CWpEAVjw1uV2A5IXLcJgpY1dr7/htK26IpEQwrh8+FAgH7KBrzkadOLxl0pXzFDIUHw+DSpt7x69bCVeysZ/7H5qw==
PRIVATE
* 05/20/2023
** Summary
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/19/2023
** Summary
I woke up...I'm not sure when...maybe around 7am? Leche had a barking
spell at 1am for some reason. Took her outside. Nothing. On the
morning walk, Matt (Zucchini's owner) said Zucchini did the same
thing. Maybe they heard a stray dog or felt an earthquake or
something. That made me dream of a big earthquake though. Huge but
adventurous.

Made coffee and reviewed backlog before Retro and Sprint planning
which we rescheduled for Monday since Albert and Charles were AFK. Did
some medium sized back log tasks. I like that we're measuring stuff
effort tighter.

Sandwiches for lunch from Lokal. Late, around 2pm. Ate them back on
the deck and both Mariana and I were kinda zombies. Chewin and
thinking about work. Leche stared down both of us until I finished my
sandwich after which she focused all her energy on Mariana.

Made a salad of leftovers for dinner. Went on walk and saw flyer for
block party tomorrow which we'll peak in after Mariana and Marie have
breakfast.

I drafted up the CHADs idea to relocate websites for expired domains.

Apparently Mariana didn't know about this public log so I just showed
her. She loves it. She absolutely loves it.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/18/2023
** Summary
Good day. Woke up at 5:30, made coffee and was working by
6:30. Stronglift by 7:30am.

Planning talk with Billy and 1-1 with James. Prepared for sprint
planning and retro tomorrow. Publicly killed the 24HHP ios widget due
to development constraints. Found the LED board I was looking for my
advertising business.

Careful with how I move forward on it. Maybe in tandem with QR
project? Need to declare what my goals are, brain storm how to use
it. I like building stuff but am I avoiding better work to grow it?
Selling to marketing studios? That seems like a good effort: research
creative marketing studios in Los Angeles. Pitch them on time and
creative uses of the billboard.

Thai food dinner with Mariana. We decided to give Leche an allergy
shot when we're next in Mexico.


For future reference, a tool we've used at TT for user research
Respondant.io -- a tool for user researching

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/17/2023
** Summary
Focused day after standup. We chat about the next "season" for work
and what our job is for the next two weeks. Got Errors refactored on
the backend.

Wasn't until afternoon Yerba Matte smoothie that I felt motivated to
really flow in code. Made a cosmetic fix to footer before then.

Thought a lot about killing the 24HHP widget today. So far
implementations have not been reliable though I haven't ruled out more
tests. Tomorrow I can try referencing all 86400 images in some module
that has 288 sections (1440 spritesheets / 5 min). Each of these
sections will have the image paths hard coded at build time. Still
just shooting in the dark. Will try that after a few more runs in its
current implementation which renders (sporadically) the clock
throughout the day but often lags behind or just entirely freezes
based on inactivity. It's not a great environment to program real-time
info onto. That's expected but I was hopefully hacking.

This user suggests more than 250 entries and the timeline barfs:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69520200/limit-to-widgetkit-timeline-entries?rq=1

If that's true and the widget can only be refreshed about 40 times per
day, then each timeline would need ~36min of data which is 2160
entries. 10x that threshold the user found.

So I made a gif of all the assets on the site. It's 3GB which is
likely way over the asset threshold even if we could target when to
start playing the animated gif.

Read this
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/widgetkit/keeping-a-widget-up-to-date

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
42abbb1cc920894dPUSk9SfMzhMyr0pMPIrXlFLu4a9vv8CMSCzrZKrk2EdKvkH8noy5+DNxilA1QLzs/LX8Cs9QmsRmGAeiw1FvphgzlFYSVwf708AUcpV1myG6hS/XKqQFGCwklW5QivuO2O9faOZzTy8i6UGuxA31Gbjly7xT5dXCeQyZyBHAKTfO3Qg5D48+ad2/PKb6TX3xRKwRJP+8R373Rf9+y+h4wqvT3nIRcjN/ZkP5cfwwPmhFM28Yd6lPYr82ZBOhMRJVAZUFpV18vovPnLJquBtjjHpVQimueFzicpSI7qAniKz4G6alAAThnZCtX6vElBwfEdp0/Pri7FvHDtRdShQDo/qYSGXJLTTR8GLfN6ZgRpxi45sUzDJAz+7xqZwmbgbSvoDnP7KU6/UmFJ1hHsSPEq63DmJ1NrXl27s1j5/58XKt4NM0iamxIwz0UGrb8JdDXq4H/T+K5e2b14TUbGTP/fGVmPjiiU7syl0qsrmcM7QMZ7kYU4O9rXaKUwo/lx4gj2pKAzR7x8XWMdLZsJS+ySeCJomqRZYF40OIJ+INjvS7s3iMWjRtu4pgG6aCRey2CRBRjNCVFoDNYvgYYJ/VkMc+x8oNNwJUD9TyUXycwJNfMdyj/yphiTOf2bW/W9A50dtTYC5o7p9ohEKIl+UENxbFLc1XIhFnEsFa4OerijZuW653tfHg6DMleUTqCoKd+DYSrHupodwXh5Vql9V1IsdovZf9W+zSWgWMVt5r7jFvbef3dewaH6gk6jc1JScM1L5EBDX1unp8uXWwRnQ8mVga5pPUtl+TPbYiZ44lRItHsLDlNBpoB4GqVXPgxPpA5B9QEg+LmAaZUdYTeRiLUcJuuHy5DGolSgOkOwp6Z4m+v0jzwt6noLqQauhDxupe5/2AkepmbY8WzVXdpTTNHUreWXq4qL2y6ksOhxdjNOTxWrv8gE2zmSN57x1wBvfGi9EQrTDm4vfaqR3CWyO+jxHGy7JODp9yBNL4ezAeHhrJxjkYIYNmguaSeOyQuNNTYFrZRsdE1vGrN/jdLNDBUBGeywPqiaKahS4uBumGCk4XZzPCNxpkaQvHrtBSwz97Txo3Cjrd8aCHwzCp4/mxCj9/EQ/FmWIlYDX67hg7GLCinkOgXreSexTgYYBf0cDl1przH++8tMIOSv/Gm5NtMHQ6uITfzPdZj7hKajogsBk1piWIV6lQkQKNXhJXOqmkLIYFl7izprzhBl+s72CmgHOanjoB3LQKmFFVW69SZatM5Np2BcboHjdOYjrIKzY/gDFg1NOINRPviCN+r21+LJkYwFaNMIa1xHToUiv/BDtz5UP8kwytrRYr2nckeYOZxld+VVUFTWhiYknF/JN+7eOflPP1/Adhlk2Q+U2GtVOe5jFoH1GMBso2xUP6Ay2YOlv5CXaUwMVLgbvAykULC8MEfeRIU8ZIvtB8sNRNdR8TdX0M3NMSmz/fx1DPYiQQW1HLQzKZMN61Zy0nHwj+hQ7Cgjm/Wd6KEytzmTeXKCYpfkvZ+WJMfgqP4XHDpIIHC88+HPEjybl44p4ymY2DYrobwyr5+rEWBX38civsMnZ5X/QpweoURbXfU+bozoi2ij8NFRQ5XwSOciYIe6BQXazttLVrHO8tTxrjFYqKZlUzGmNyUe9f/Y5FNQI0NSlmBhLfzXlhjCkFn7sC+m3Nn8oCCpCzyKOO6pDmgF96Urif1pfH4p28c/yRgpx67aAUuUC+zcEZ9fe39C2+d2N0BV3ih8JviAYlLsup0F8euCuBDEwVLmjlXnL+PjtsEj4EEeLmFwDJTm2DDIzQfReI9IrrJCmo8yGlLox6UsR+jrowh2Q6/3nq5rRhHcBFXs018OvI+LJkY+Mj59+tXFk5IMGqaVLW9dqenqpZiCWX5Ap4zXWObwDIiifeCA/cCnry3LNnrmBcZquXd05z0PH6nK6I7QefAOSlNhE4nmWxlp1xCDELLhbVi5lD7lXV9x45lNS4Zg/gNgp19ssCEl+XKIzHTTNt00ed9B6OBN8G2NSrQFRPVVGF1c7qJa0QxKraFPR1o/alEkP9XbitAaMj7+TVZ+2XXVb/KPJFT0gil+OYA94Fsbf3qdzeRcCift6+YbiAQWQ1Pphbm3FMVSSYCD7aYm5ymGObWO37Cg1ag46+1hlJ7BpnqiYjCp7oOLk9XHEsVLXHGAxvaOj1kL9ZsY5YS/0wjXhRvRSgywOtD5g/YL8vqJbOAE6I5YgmnkOlrTBMqqw5EQDPlyeP7PJyocY6cI+muupsCi5izIRkUFnTbojX1JrnMnPN2m29IJ6y5I5I411/oSu0FiSll6FlQG0mHLcJ5D3jwqmwpLHhjQM3deZ1bDucb8dpMr/viCIH0MHJZcFvfLlQ6Up79zM8ounpFXg8Ih4M7WYCp7j955fcmTxXpY0VsBWWIuntUCQsQcdSkIa50HKpU7Wc9XkOAfa6GyvFQ312a4u4S9uj+7535pkJhs6Rf9j6PLANy4c/7jHjmabWdI7MhFIK7JJadiGdu2iXKO4jSa4tXzaAI0Dd84qPhQqMTbG0FVRGZuYpm4L9gZUSsanmVtJ312uUyqLPhcRQaiYsZszKVH78j13cTSnXqehuBbF61V1eoVgU4QRl5hyG3WXqGbpk/zt3sIiZMExZyKbtBv4cHD0I1JTX/Lp3nXjEkhwoiHSGsFqFZ0pB9lj4IHcvqtSdnte44I6PEgT8GYaIT7W2SFC8/RPqXXIyzXlqNCGCKvk9QBrcLe4uB9Ph0a5Jbg4PxtNefH/JwU3rh7Sia+E62MAMViRJAjRTsT4Rh0pt6VbHHJF/AiHpz9zAoEJyB4x5kDODr6Qr0uWnMTRCgFmNZ/eGZmYdf/0W7vzZISIxbJFy2fb8pVAeX4HurLZfVvmxjkHO9WLwHsqbGyG15GGWegw1whDi6XQxGafaS692EngD2WRJ5Arpq2BFFppV+k4fpkDFRaKLzCb1E1w8m39NPqv+fUpTDeVusJanDmiOxV7KdFr8BH6VXhpWgMhBbMsdKpCRlM0IWiv/vdyyI3p6Dmu5U9jco80q/ElupF2VPaOlfcJHTKJtnWb4/IwgFxt5tRT+2XGjpvRTaWSRePdI4rnhqxkRagepmOeeDBRG1/XR0AZHj4Ln6AoFcmZy2L8NTR+TudlRT1vXSOltRU9ZhlveDhICh1M4n76ta/SrbhEUhd0DcA84dNkgZ/IUuCGWA7KavTL0htKfADcxFiBJgXVUw/e0G+b9K1Z6MKRjFMszCbZ/gfVtO5SQa2Ibh6aok1ZnOvnjZY85RhwY7oFtewxZW+4nLVA3X51sWsHNruyocv9eDvZGAUXc1MzdPFD0rRak1Q==
PRIVATE
* 05/16/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/15/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 8:30am and did more backlog tasks for TT.

Did brain dump of projects etc. Next "big win" is the 24HHP
widget. Eyes on the prize

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/14/2023
** Summary

Not a very focused weekend. Several moments of
over-caffeination. Decided not to pursue the bike project. Went to the
library yesterday and prototyped the widget. Figured out that the
assets need to be < 500KB. Also they need to be referenced at compile time.

I uploaded the assets to remote host and will get it working with an
async solution. Not great if every client has to download all assets
like this but it's not terrible. The full bundle size is 300MB. Better
if those can be initialized with the bundle.

Watched Succession with Mariana earlier tonight. Last night we went to
a comedy show at Jam-in-the-Van.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Going to change up my workout tomorrow. Squat, bench, rows, dumbbells,
etc.

Tomorrow night: make clove cardamom cinamon nighttime tea

* 05/13/2023
* 05/12/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/11/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7:30am. Made coffee and took Leche for a walk. 9am "idea
session" with the team. Nothing conclusive but will talk with Billy
about this before he leaves next week. Will have more direction after
tomorrow's standup

Did workout during lunch. I'm suckin on fumes.

Made some cosmetic improvements to Hightide.

Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/10/2023
** Summary

What a day! Woke up at 6:30 and took Leche up the hill for her
birthday walk to get her pupcup. Came home and got the truck paperwork
ready. Drove over by 8:30am and met Aly near the autoshop. Gave them
keys after asking for some basic paper work that they weren't going to
steal it.

Walked to "Cafe de Leche" cafe up the street and worked from there for
until 12:15pm or so. Migrated the rest of our backend to TS. Didn't
test it because I was tethering off phone internet and there were no
outlets so battery was draining. Went to hipster vegan place around
the corner. Junk vegan food is terrible when you overeat. Maybe its
just overeating in general but something about eating a bunch of vegan
food that is made to be junk food sucks. Vegan food is great when it
isn't immitation shit. Bean burger: good. Isolated XYZ + crazy oils
burger: not so good. Defeats the purpose of WFPB when I eat stuff like
that too.

Walked over to the autoshop and met Aly outside cafe then walked
over. Truck was ready shortly after we got there. They gave the thumbs
up but also said the coolant was just water. That was disconcerting
(for me too) but also not a deal breaker to her. We drove to Chase
bank around the corner and deposited her cashiers check in my
account. I signed the title over and lyfted back.

Back home, I inserted the house key slowly and slowly creeped inside
to surprise Leche. She wasn't on the couch so I sneaked in some
more. You could hear that she was in the kitchen standing frozen. She
was scared to look over and see who was there. When I finally peaked
enough to make eye contact with her she exploded with joy and ran over
as if she hadn't seen me in weeks. Poor puppy, sleepy.

Finished up work at home. Took Leche for a giant birthday walk after
work then another lap around the block with Mariana when she got
home. Mariana made her a birthday box and tied it around her collar.

Drove to sprouts for dinner ingredients and for Leche's birthday
burger. Came home and watched Ted Lasso.

Went to bed with laptop and played more with Embra, Islam's startup
and researched LED displays for 24HHP helmet. If I build it, having an
external live camera might be the best design.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
0d9286f630e622dar8P/iXb/5HrqYbpPdcuiFWf6lw8SUFb3KzXN8/lYf6tNOCsjWw3rxetJyXMuAL5enZG6Q6aZb8lmRPq2Qqx3OJsjV56Z48rbwPKKYTjn/Xkp9xVnxBWo6DLbrHkFqy8I+daV5oAIS2P8wiI0gNN+RErPBcxFcsKFOtanhetqHPcNzNaCL1xftZP8XuQv6af0PhPhSDXJJNs=
PRIVATE
* 05/09/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7am after some tense dreams. Worked on 24HHP widget with
coffee. Woke up Mariana at 8:15am then took Leche for a walk up the
hill. Stand up at 9 and added more hot water to french press. It
doesn't yield as much as chemex.

Checked in with Albert. He likes the mongo stack. Showing the Truck to
an interested buyer tomorrow. They are paying to have it inspected
before purchase. I'll work from cafe while it's inspected.

Fixed emails, added emails for signup, ported more to TS. This project
has gotten off to a rocky start. Business models are poorly documented
and understood. Distributed leadership. I need to wrangle on Friday.

Leche's 4th birthday tomorrow. Will get her a hamburger as it is
tradition. She'll have a pupcup in the morning on our walk too.

After work investigated the spritesheet rendering. I can reference one
of the 1440 spritesheets now but it isn't updating repeatedly. Only
when I hardcode the offsets in CGRect. Would be nice if debugger or
logs worked on extensions. I'm sure it can and might go down that hole
if I can't figure out the loop rendering issue. Might need to refer to
previous implemenation that kept two pointers.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/08/2023
** Summary

Woke up late. Did workout during lunch. UX issue on hightide. Call
with Tayler (of taylor.town) after work. Worked out during
lunch. Thursday we do brainstorm. Wednesday showing truck to
interested buyer who is paying to have mechanic inspect it.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/07/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and went for coffee at Commissary where I took notes
for yesterday and for today. Filled water up when they opened at 10am
and got TJ groceries for the week. Had a bowl of grain cereal and
almond milk at home.

Made pancakes for breakfast once Mariana woke up at noon.

Jacqueline texted that Jon and Eve's son Zev was born! Congrats to
them, excited to meet him.

Was pretty caffeinated after breakfast so walked on treadmill for
90min at 4mph to break a sweat. Took shower afterward and started one
of four loads of laundry today.

Didn't play with Leche as much as we could have so will do a ball
throw tomorrow during lunch.

Got the spritesheet widget rendering! I will prototype it for all
24hours of content tomorrow morning. Need to do some data cleanup on
the spritesheets though. Where will the spritesheet updater run?

The mobile app will be much more gamified (and I can move that
thinking over to the main site too).

I think capturing faces will be a fun part of this. Get people to
record a 5s gif of themselves that they can share on their IG story
with the 24HHP logo on it

Once the app is ready for the app store, schedule PH launches. Part 2
is the website, Part 3 is the mobile app.

Maybe I can do Part 2 way before Part 2?

I have a pretty novel way to market this IRL too. It could turn into a
good small business as well.

Going to fold laundry and go to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/06/2023
** Summary

Woke up, made coffee then did lift when I was awake and
caffeinated. First tried prototyping an animation for "live
publishing" events viz on 24HHP.


Went swimming with Mariana at the Culver pool. Amazing
swim. Water and Sun felt great. Mariana is a great swimming. I
practiced breast stroke the whole time. Felt good after the bench this
morning. Also I didn't have ear plugs so freestyle sunk water deep
into my ear which I've always hated. Breast stroke only.

We went to Anawalt for spray paint after. I went to 99c store to look
for a ribbon for a gift for Elle's birthday later. I figured it wasn't
necessary and line was super long. Just browsed the 99c store before
meeting Mariana at cemita place outside Anawalt. We ordered una cemita
y una quesadilla. Ate it on the porch at home. I showered and went to
Sprouts to pick up a jar of chocolate for Elle's bday then went to the
barcade where they were celebrating. Fun to hang out with them all.

Came home and worked on another viz idea for live publishing. Not
great and I don't think its sufficiently FOMO.

Changed gears and worked the 24HHP widget which I have let become a
ghost of a problem. Renewed my Apple developer license in order to
prototype it (wtf).

First widget tutorial went well. Updates every 5min from user
input. Trying to see if i can get animated image rendered.

Will decide if its possible/worth pursuing by EOD.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/05/2023
** Summary

Woke up and got my thoughts down on what to do next. Replied to one
24HHP user and sent a clarifying email to all customers based on his
question.

After work I got the reservation blocking done. Need to get it
rendered in the /availability map.

For TT, we did smoke test. Wrapping in pm2 for now which I'm not a fan
of but as a dev stop gap. Also added alarms for restarting. Small
tasks and chopping wood on the ts rewrite.

Mariana had a tough day. Got her some Pasta Sisters for dinner and
Zooeys cookie.

I have an idea on how to visualize the "live activity" of 24hhp.

Bed time.


<<PRIVATE
4d3adaf7054dcb7b57QFSybFiJGcNf5GE01JdZJknXuFsyIz7w59FmUE1RdsP0608DLYwYRw1SmNofffcyVar/pE68W1b3XaZ+E0bVz2jNe0+p6dmeVbrWTuXLnvwz8h+al7J2fzR2SZJFsE73lEOr6NV4NTmHLKcVV8QqCHyzKOKy1VHtsCIdLsS9wNzPouo34xFtd7LLSRxIZ29Vp8y5TD7MTFTGjBthhhUnThazwKc9K6uNk0fIWz9lz6y7slmfBd/8pe+ZZTU/VsLbetsfNkrmJ++zMcNht/X9qQA8J49opLL2CBbCQRO1W6/NPzWoLiBflHS4gyz6p7odd9TEubdkh3gwaWAWtrhuVtW6wD1AtnPtHRyw9cMg52FGGafOBf8eSZCYOV3qoJjjL6GOZJK7eKnLwLAF7WCAStSzzKKBugKGa6djWEZ+b+Z6uJ99v4gWBCJ/+PRo9f0DObewtGR+psQoRCsHLK1byYPAUTtslq0ObWh3WGd0DO7olSz987ENwWJJqYVZGyJhNC2U5kVcAs12RcQpWGiB/N4tiZBKxaj4FwyZftXI863nk29bM4O5BryQRGMc6ZUc2F2ViIUkWlj6iRonunVlpuAD61Qlz56sdTVPnyQq0BMC+ls+y9stATcEI3BmPTqdaTiCX4+vd6IDdTka+7xkTBXCYRhgngt1I5hg68VdvfOOKieUz72c6Gt3cLKS8Q2QtSgTeUP4rVa7GuV/NBkZqDbHbZyaYYluPWrUJAAAjkiWN4O6qhQT6buyDgQIOpkSYJjCb4eW4bbFXyc6SQJD/bYZo6ZnBsK0nqDYnxMsVInx7gq8tiRCsqo1GdI5gjVW+6Mo9fulMzkc+bgw0SE4lBUqao0ea156g0fUYp3r0nou/2CXIKZv6K4paNI+5ZvMjHzV5W91xtS+VwgypWe93Qhp1/CzSxHWiUtioNdcbA6OD80Eea9O9bZXaDwiq7lANPCrD6FvndlNQvZPVuebedNnEupu4A/vtQene2SDZbXPKiIDgTJ5fmnL26UFklZ6ldnPieLxTlsl99EY6NEXTAlGEM8uS3RJF/6nY/evmhLIRVP0A5ru4meCWwDVt6Pi37ilLXgFM7LCFF5UxIw8gnxQjnCxbMcJ26atjxzzk5Z74bO9uU4QlPfyJhI9Gd131WmWGRG+ASpK0HOTzI6+Qkk8uOgCKjtQgmmyaw/naftlMjXIJp2JAh2yWTn4t+uTlexkPqJGM/3M7DRPaooFrVxEfttVqrqkpidss1oXS7AWveD3qfq7f1knHZ+SIlgk6BpaAReLnr/nZcVOzJ4bntyfIzmkacacFaPiAoJnRrH9Osx4nbryh10BGAIzMmtnxu0ntDSp/1ZYFN2dPCn+xd7ZiqDqKFIHiPZORA76eEjQsT/ZNGRJDyoq9YDCjAgB/38bL64uq2tmNETJm9EBXEqyxaH7IKWP3xRmQJSBcHaH5Zy6n77OVsBcOLyT/YbO1AdtyHEzVnFn1WJwsD4PzyRimRs9aBIkqgfYLffxFaPNyEjxOUkTHUTPL34Si4tPkXZF/RikEknU+F8yg2zM2idBJH3rEDRQzv3rz8QwDcLJaBqrFmQjP7i3lz+pEinQe2w4a/P+Yx6AygPLrT8IdCdqF2q5FRP3aLbYrWr0LsSzp1OBAG29PwEUQKe/b8f5ZXILzZX8kfUEHHViRTREqQmh6iyGtibGWcKgnMo/spSd/TFE//6v9cRaz+i8FuUbrHBSwojnZq+XS5CM53Bci5P4I/XlNgQ/EWWGL9vZTC1GnNQEvh8CXfLipFLIrABXggURonzS/k3ti2atSibubtm2ZRklya/YoEa97a6CI8vRRR9gPGvtZH/v6Zq/j56Nx/Qvi6elk692iVdj946GPQCGEb7BEYdB7TPnj7i5AB3BNfwY/c3u1j1H8ZYw5HP/FcbrCzXlGtqi/qpqu1jww2CLzWjmtIqpnUErX+zJ02WdGLJc/jVlBK6E9nxYV/C+6TlmAo7EU7W1sFz+JeRNlLZRmYR/WNNv9Y8salMIbODZOmRahbSx8mx6U1uo7xF5AQerky+sCm33sE9ohA52SF2i/cdVF29e2DS/aomEVocx7/jhuW75c5d5R31oFWwPKmGi7OWL00G3vDA5QiNF59YFmtuQgMXIAAPu7Ux7CrT0fr9e2581pK5AoH16pRLqcjbbvdqpI8hoeBBABLtQwFXynVLga6zfeojpvR2ApAi/Q7wa4HOi6yKAl2486OqNjwsGkcTHV4WWb0hFDC5qxJrtkL6AgckcDLVeObOa1MeY/kE8d1fBA/T6vYCm0q+71RPe3AjkEvhJWw3Ir9nCcuBHjSwuLFHiykpU4h7uzscGj8GnQhqbFBgG7h3cHhtG+Myg1IyhJXOWHxh0GRLuv7jiUXx8YBDw5hZ54Q2a8xk6HzwOZEEPXyoime9U3rgeF5LsN7NRD9umy4MdWVNIoAJYku+tscDvk6B7rDpyNkm2PRkZIFUIUwknjEG1ZQjtpSebdu6zYFwII20z+FWmK903oIsiV3L16mvjTnNLhW4XODOXusG+ZAJGgw8BW/YN9ydUaODMSpPsxMmxTNsx5JKWeqlgicr1qvZh2mFjWZJRwbsSX20pYq0J9iIGkz7lF+vWiz4Kk6s0/ucAZuDbgADLT9rk3cYnzIXPFObgZ7kImIpRk6psrgI5Bj1eu9ymQJvCvRCF+JE0QI+Y7WTaquyknFjOiNqDwp9IOKfAgn0Fl5Agg1Z6CfQeF9PdX0/1saKGLbHvXpZsCthEmtczMY5dhX6y233gG5cuDihTTNI+Qts+eeWI9Fp6Jqjtcu20btqaH3m8aHhZgO3X3O/aX2//Gt7Znt8cCezZxgIUIzBWDC/6ygQH+h/8BTzxkSfopql0HXRgUeMf4qupSFDN4BvVwxuFGUDom92F96/vnDXpLwzz8DCcQrI29J84mYLD+yFh9Ktn5+D56Z3/4w+kqGRciPa0O5WFbEzRAfSkGAcVoaZqRWVZyjUIHRUjVWsqOjyV/ue054lRsXm4K0/LTmBHJGZmpFgZ3caVTSTGyvyy9dDfUtmr291zmkHTtbet6dOjI+/lJ6C/VBINnJ3Nc+sSZZO6qjzfUMnX0Ihqe4BZpp7du5UN1G9kgKdJFC8mAuQJ/8OraFjZYqtt6fPsTbGirmiinRGAqM/8YNY9cDhZbSxIRQ2BC7Z/idiT+LtkoTNXzzSyq9hWjE3AMI1sbU1SPNKqBNAJYHckCtbRN2PnQR95+93mmmkkZYn030vf+IJuJoHGHIKUEaZK/qRySJYLfGIGOJYHjVXJdxzBjOtlgLmfRxe25cf/Mb9qdRLekVBrnYzbZYaF6GZaCY1NOEDyhOp64l0kaAlk5JeQxSPzDVky7d8DvjM6dSxgvpS/WcMmsjGowCcinaLqBpLjTKZwM+RZz3PkVXZLG+WQwOCthSgSCbDhaQEzKEj2oYEMKeXblenYNbstiM9zTavKm2EKrgk8fs7bg2zk3c4oTGnT1DpdSNn3n655pnUGnyP+5hiu1sMWqedUjO+/xehv8kBKa36EhNtP46haN3LnEJ5oFOZZqFYmGzY0kchlIic1O9FXRnWdSHX1dRxOFDzhC7wREghoT5cWlsI7sGn/XWohR1e2T7Befbf2i8G+4d1bdGtmesk8yX3DUri0tH7QtGagIfJmDAj7lEwZLyowoJlee4L9nD/WBvzGuYawjyPiZBLoDVCU8q5w4V5SBd07uyDZpyZ7nT5XngGS2IrIr6OUR/u95yJroTeU6ByH8K8psjKYuOVDzced1OfHTyNZ09HBuhlVUowTznPNA2xIDHuZITHYFM8LdQ+Ym4grzqwrSY50yy5hTlAkMOA8n1Z/R6MnK07q4HGw2KfNZvOuELyCfJppil2i/yKbszSjx/+iG1vLg1ulH0yLwUQiRRfuvm1qgZJBn9m1cI9Ob+xZg4XOvFGld0pA==
PRIVATE
* 05/04/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am. Didn't do workout until lunch break. Coffee in
morning and protein smoothie after.

Got admin client up. Chat with Billy about pressing notes. Tomorrow is
code cleanup and will propose my 20% time on Dat / Sup unless more
pressing work.

Jered is in town from 2pm-4pm and will have tea / coffee with him.

Some brain fog at night after eating or the caffeine "crash". Some
good running / breathing will fix.

Going to watch some tv with Mariana before bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/03/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am and made coffee. Replied to Dave Yeager and prepared
the email to send to all 24HHP customers. Will send it to everyone
tomorrow morning. After that, the next project is mobile. Need to
design my personal project roadmap.

Finally getting to some Hightide cleanup. Feels good. Feels like the
code will be less hair brained / everyone building things without
tight specs soon. It works, it's just hard to have confidence/vision
when it's so loose.

Made a chili oil--salsa macha--and went to Sprouts to pick up olive
oil (we were out) and some food for the week. We had lions mane
mushroom tacos for dinner and watched Ted Lasso. I think I'm done with
the show after this season. It's not as funny as Scrubs and the feel
good pandering only goes so far before it gets tired. I have a budding
Ted Lasso impression coming though.

Feeling kind of foggy after that dinner which is weird. Not like I
over-ate foggy. More like behind-the-eyes foggy. Some sleep, exercise
and coffee will help.

Going to bed now. Big fun day tomorrow.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/02/2023
** Summary

Nice reset day. Got out of bed at 7am and did work out slowly. Back
felt super inflamed so I dropped squat and BB row weight. Bench felt
good but not great form so will stay at it for a while.

Lots of Hightide today. Finished money flows and a few one-off
tasks. Want to get it in a really clean feeling state. Almost there.

Lunch.js at 12:30 but nobody showed up :/ Even Simon and Teja. Teja
had work meeting override and Simon missed it. Next one will be in
Santa Monica for bigger crew.

Got the 24hhp affiliate work deployed and tested. Now I can email out
old customers.

Nice text from Matthew remembering Andrew today.

Going to bed now. Feels really good to crack the window open when we
sleep.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 05/01/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 8am. On lunch break truck sale was a no-show and the other
buyer bought a different truck. Picked up chicken for Leche and Fruity
Pebbles for Mariana at Smart & Final.

EQ practice was good. Had pot of coffee in the morning the protein
shake for breakfast. Got the Stripe transfer looking good.

Laundry during the work day too. Threw the ball with Leche after
work. Cheap ramen was a bad idea i think. Maybe it was just too much
though.

Still stuck. What did I try different today? Pushed through and posted
24HHP video to tiktok and scheduled twitter. Not it, but I like
thinking about trying something different.

<<PRIVATE
4d86c51381f4230cTwtU9ffPM/RwqCSrUjGOwpa128OR77G0zdZKUcGMO7fKyJ+xOVr9kYQlg3VgL/42obRZWS5YOuiwFA4CvZwjzvnNtwBqYSWzLy9yPA1djxtFE4XxMVf8Jg61b2JZCMz/RzGU9mlkg577kyaTwkJdELAfNdxohFS1zPVcpiUGHCI0TEaTLmfKiXx9QSkgH+UV+0x4wvfpii1iO6fRWyGY5l5XN5sqouRgldiiYQmZnHBOxpKLnx4S9j8bScsa5QkpudR9Ve9LucQpl0zirtWloYrYFBYpTvWI
PRIVATE
* 04/30/2023
** Summary

Tango was put to sleep yesterday. He lived 13 years and was a great
dog. Ate well and barked at literally anything that passed the
house. Horny with Leche as he got older. He loved her. He had been in
and out of pain for the last year (at least) and had many disorienting
spells. He was on some medication and I'm not sure how long that kept
him alive or how it affected his personality but I'm glad he's at rest
now.

Shortly after putting him down, we drove to Alex and Julieta's to meet
the new baby Macarena. I held her for much of the time and she
slept. We ate sushi in Playas later and then stayed home for the
night.

I woke up at 8am and went to the coffee shop to work for the
morning. Came home and ate oatmeal Maru prepared. Chisme with Maru and
Mariana before heading out to lunch with the rest of the family. Came
back home to pick up Leche and drive to LA. Met Ernesto first in SD
and had coffee with him. He's going to Albania later in the week to be
closer with his gf. He's going to squat like slav when he returns.

Watched Succession when home. Going to bed now

<<PRIVATE
d11321905ad7a140KMXPrV58UrCET47n4HxWxkiTMj6G4FaGN9xatkXtzl1Jr2CxP8tQYJsdd9iOxSBVax9i4TCPqsrpe+CG3IcqS8dS9mvf7mTDIxqgbyqUlO+lHIM9fIoCcZ7q3N8rdmIFJPqLf4RipnYetM2pSJMTeW2mbyX/ZNwUC5wgYB7WxYaUg9PM3g0xTxbwlvnTAseqKuCyEtEwOiRVppg40XyqdrOQENTDDaG/ID/YYA1BFS0AM6N/MmnjHk27D0NdZCU/3XNjKTozXpnEFOrYSdKy7ssaV77jliqOdF6KI9N5HB2l6NRcscXqZXnIegv9A8d13/huTsksy8A9lQjNr+f3HzWsMZ1HYramjD8JbAEm1ErDfPDGfOSi/h/uhUhZGvC+SoyxE//IkWdG/pyxp7qzx2VjYkl9mjwM4X2qxxYskHGaRQTzgPNJPnILgphGd/x9PjbXi15rFcmMeJbv88ieXB57CYjms6ChcljKj4aUTfdCFc1tbfQ2weDID+PEW6zDlLhjxfJvyjZwOQ5J4gqVvtOz0qDyId2FhSNwcq4Hv7AQ435Ar7hYYoOaeeeAiC0ek3az+Ax4veYGG/D+ASLUraJXLVuBIIAEOO6x3/ZpZwgkWR25pwsMKDn9kCbXrtFMJQqciysQ1maaKRSVc+mxy53ZGdhsl5x6OK1hq+V5dlY/uJcoYrZeZd8KxVqGXuWgF8D19PE8CpygKXtL6l/EbEh0Mvrch4FvCFGG5ygbBTcQiqK3tPFxcmfHbYq1rqpCS3R1esZENueGzgk6cSnLvUvAHhuqpun0fcj9RLnqQvv6wtuetVfkp8UifI5zwPAvzmKHlz2XoR4AKbEFkwlkc47oRbhUkjx1iJ3A+jr88SjVj+LN/IzchXXegTtGbWPCooc7un60fx7/DJlFlRTdoB4uL0LIfHvhXSUQQgsTAOHcWjDbuFIVvqVesOSZvKjC0pNmbGFjhRvRJMfkA/BGQ5rgbFs3i3uFEUIHGqdU9dl+2mUufnzdUaLotJMhMZf7uNWAU6t1EpEUU1FqrWKMKXGNkZeaa/oSadoPOgolDCBe8pRcuCQHhm9Qin8qDYf4EfsjheM4Ckp05OOAZ3+GIW47zC8SMVdEa7/r9txgdtVP5ZERjhftU13IaVrm4oc4bekd54QiAmn4qt74JOPs0OkGUvgvVMXrX9gybgfzgCZZMpmfeCx2mbSzwqlcv8lFwd7jdU53w9zMrrIxGsse6qXUR7QqibgXQq0h6z11fFqseDds0OiV+ZNgFtpkoVZ1s6T0DoSychfmIkMW9LLtsVFaCRB3jJ3kOcz5Yz20SXWGTP0o8NZRHfMtWj7zXLgcPeaSeFEdxrun4A4LIoUNCGBOpWiIm0YJqjJKceqeTw9rN/PMNrH+3iYR/7OfHl693GkE78zMXzvO0+dw1f/1tzSYy/ZUT3fI4Ieeur06TnCp4PZZJpeMwVnjhtMfVcllTia5eeetvyICp9qGcOj8x5Z+7p2QCvCKvSeHdjjAeTCFlSc9sqnriGJ6Im5hHxPCv9lAlYmhchnNcTvQU57NC6B3wLC3jSDm1USauxvErNlNbv+NE3Sn1+HbKophuEzfQNjNGRVhm1kQ5S2ecd9iLT8HIj1O4jCh4W/XDmUWMytOWoOcIh3Ssnj92eVuGyGCT1SqN5Cv4hUdjpDaI4R1mink0dMp3LiuXU/gezHrqNP01unLVU+R6WLWTx3U8cjpMWPLHcJs35GfpzSqAUUC5EjSdZzX+oxjjf1mfMsk988hM2KAHw6HVoy6+RTX46sn7zxSjVPEWySJRnjyxS5SNZwj5gSM0mC3kFmVahhZ43j4bSJF8cV/0uFDxXaMi0FPNzdaiEEVJpd5GH0xc4GIfQ==
PRIVATE
* 04/29/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/28/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/27/2023
<<PRIVATE
2a1f23dbc5973f72OaDHWAFNYhmLdnKQxMJUnkiua1OE00496xRVDnb0pIjMOh61oTUTqdip/F5noCuQ4U3L7DmfDz2MKzNAXQfmzhXDJnFZ4Cd53at3nM7FybrRLFyjxywvom5qvVfH8N7zZ2xXBrooENWhL1fl5kBC+hxh6iMpNQPrBXl2x48rXD9UbfAir9SvB5dB5mdVqCP18FIdPjJ3EpjTwyzP0mWiA4Z9zbuono10Sai6cnL3DbXnDAVZ1ayWYc7iLfVvMKCfIz7poYTh0YGV7YNsaUDYwXkfwZo1LCz+OWc1Aa6SFjeyY/PXWlFtvPdDdBQ1ZzgeuuBqCa7RvAYZVPKp0TjmmcAw5KHDSWdJ3XRaFki0vgI/X/k3znKaRk9+m0+oF+hUcxJak4VktWYcD374weRqFfJKs1Ve+IQUqmm5gYjdet66Rr8rU5M2rOsOumBhGAs36rEDtUwHaxfw84Sd/fdLrw==
PRIVATE
* 04/26/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7:30am. Not sure what I did but it wasn't productive. Took
Leche for a long walk before work. She got a pup-cup from Starbucks.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/25/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7am and lifted. Slow in the body until done with the lift
and getting back to the weight where my form was breaking down before
(180-200lbs) on my squat. I can still feel that tempation so I'm going
to stay on each weight for a few sessions until deep confidence before
moving up. Same with bench press. Slow and steady.

Lots of good ideas today. I'm excited IFF we advertise our portfolio
and our strategy going forward. I think the team likes to be
introverted (which isn't necessarily bad) but I think we would benefit
from more regular talking of our work. Treat community building
honestly and not just "hit the numbers", especially if we're going to
look for people to join hackathons with us.

Walked Leche before and after 9am idea brain storm. At 12:30pm went to
show truck to an interested buyer. He offered 9.5 then mumbled about
being able to get 10 later today. He seemed really eager to get it
today. A different guy said he could do 11. Lots of offers, the right
one soon.

Excited for visit to TJ soon. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/24/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:15am and walked up the hill with Leche before 8am call
with Dad. Mostly just did a big brain dump on everything on my mind. I
won't always have him around but I appreciate it now. Feels like I've
been burning the candle at both ends and need to take time to properly
reset. Not "chore" reset like I've been doing.

Spec'd out payment needs for HighTide and wrote ideas for
tomorrow. Showing the truck to interested buyer tomorrow. Tomorrow
feels like the reset day. I've totally fallen off my great progress on
yearly routines:

- not tracking food (~1mo)
- not waking up at 5am (~1mo)
- not practicing WFPB (~1mo -- eggs, cheese)
- lazy lifts
- coffee

Reset is real and it starts right now. Going to close my eyes and
think about this as I fall asleep.



<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/23/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7:30am and walked Leche and got coffee from Naoum. Drove
Leche to Doggie Central in Mar Vista only to find they changed
locations once we got there. Drove her to the new spot and picked up
our sandwhiches before heading home where Moti and Andrew met us.

We drove up north 405 for 90min to hike in the "superbloom". Really
nice. Maybe 2hours in total under the sun. Ate sandwiches.

Had mexican fruit cup from fruit stand on way to parking lot. Mariana
napped on the way home then a bit more when we got home. I went to
Sprouts for the weeks groceries. Picked up Leche from Doggie Center
and took her to Centinella to wash her and pick up her food.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

Took Leche on a walk and she met a bunch of her dog friends (Sam,
Charlie, Ziggy, Stella, Zucchini). Nice for her to play before going
inside. Watched an episode of Barry with Mariana before writing
this. Not interested in the episode but it's good to just sit next to
each other

Going to bed. Tomorrow, I'll lift weights then get customer emails for
24HHP and write script for ingesting (export import into
tinyletter). Schedule 24HHP tweet. Have a call with Dad. Write my
proposal for TT. Also I'll just sit in a room and stare for a
bit. Some meditation and reflection sessions would be good.

** me
- Skim Fortune 500, Global 3000
- Read 10-Q, 10-K reports to see where revenue is being generated

* 04/22/2023
** Summary
Went on 40min run. Felt good.
* 04/21/2023
** Summary
Woke up and did SL work out at 8:15am. Watered plants during. Better
to stretch, walk, wake up and warm up before the lifts.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

We'll be a pitching ideas on Tuesday. I'll pitch a simplified version
of Sup. What I had pitched before: a collection of meme sounds and
user-generated content. Marketing is all around sending these funny
sounds to your friends. Pay to create custom sounds beyond the daily
limit.

Climbed with Mariana after work. Going to watch Michael Clayton movie

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/20/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am. Took cold shower then woke up Mariana. Had huge
chorro. Had 1-1 with Billy, spun down Sup, spent lots of time thinking
about next phase of the company and will do more before
bed. Investigated the crash bug the team found but didn't trap it,
made a suggestion still.

Had a giant coffee and two yerba mattes. Better to just maintain my
energy internally with good food, exercise and sleep.

Had a good email to Dad too.

Bed time.

* 04/19/2023
** Summary

Spun up the High Tide infra. Lifted after work. Picked up empanadas
for Mariana for dinner. We watched Ted Lasso

From Zig Ziglar:
"How can you hit a target you can't see?"

<<PRIVATE
52448442219357a6yniWIQjWTP8Z3TnR6ab9l2xMUD9rapurRDxEyonmc3Y6VnvIFHMS6c4T9TANKxAlJCyGueR8wTlTaKJQ2kgxNO9jPC9FyvhtfAsEjofINCCG6ybj2kSoKncyE1aVAb5Gsy7m2Cc0aWs0CBnRrA95EMHrIW3qKNgOx86IdgE6ZRqRAdAywPXtmBVQ8qj+xEfo9BLwTg==
PRIVATE
* 04/18/2023
** Summary

Fun day. Woke up in a slump and replied to Dad's email. It important
to have a clear project / focus. I think inspired by this, I posted
24HHP to r/InternetIsBeautiful and it blew up! Been great to read
everyone's feedback.

Also fasted since last night. Nice clean focus.

Focused on getting High Tide's infra up. Simpler than Sup but not as
simple as Seen.

Waking up early to lift (skipped today).

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/17/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8am and made coffee. Took Leche for a walk. Scheduled tweet
for 24HHP.

Got stripe connect setup. Feels like we don't have direction. Product
planning will be good.

Dentist at 3:30pm. They didn't see me until 4:15pm. Fast checkup. Only
complaint was that I should brush softly. Same sort of burnt out,
chopping wood energy from dentist today.

Fasting tonight. Going to do it until I feel better.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/16/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8:30am. Made 3 eggs + shredded potato + veggie burger. Ate
with tortilla and bread.

Took Leche on a long walk and picked up 6 tennis balls.

<<PRIVATE
da28f0891924745fX3aLCVdH7laKH/2PE9XDRowfkiccSiHTWsnXVFnhN2wgeJiSnCkCr9mIXNQNMPTKfu8/8tHyC3fMVbYmG3qZdJwUl5+PD9TW2IgEJ0xUq3+PHXaOCiGJcl2r7BYXtQNckb8DbXOPK+lDcDLaweASB1o6eM7CRnzx
PRIVATE

Did chores. Cleaned kitchen and made an /availability page for 24HHP
and scheduled a FAQ.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/15/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 8am after some crazy dreams about killing crocodiles /
alligators who were lords of this farm and keeping people
hostage. Wild.

Took Leche on a walk and had the breakfast burrito and coffee from
Commissary. No more from them. It was nice as an excuse while studying
but it doesn't contribute toward my goal.

Now that the trailer is gone, finally cleaned the garage and
reorganized it for Mariana. We still have lots of stuff we don't need
but that's fine for now. Don't bring more stuff into our lives and
sell / give away stuff we don't use.

Good exercise all that cleanup. Cut down the Bouganvillea Leche and I
got on our walk the other day. If its still alive, it'll grow into a
bushier form now that it's been cut back significantly. Added
Lacto-Baccilous and fertalizer (tomato) to the plants in the back and
Lacto-Baccilous and citrus fertalizer for the trees in front.

It was Mona's birthday today so I called to wish her a happy one and
chat for a bit. She made a good joke about seeing that "big shiny
thing behind you" referring to the Sun as its been cold and snowing in
Welches for the last several months. One day at a time.

Mariana and I picked up sandwiches from Lokal for dinner and watched
BEEF a comedy show. I started watching "Knowing" but lost interest and
stopped.

* 04/14/2023
** Summary

Seen retro today. Ended it differently than usual by asking everyone
to state what they think the "Most important thing" is for us to
consider. A useful exercise I hoped. Did workout during lunch


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/13/2023
** Summary
Tough day. Last two weeks of planning were not fruitful. Need to
re-group and think what's next.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/12/2023
** Summary

My morning hustle focus has been shit for the last few weeks. Woke up
early, studied a bit then worked out. Neither very intentional. In a
holding pattern.

Work is also in transition period. Building a new service to help us
sell mobile apps we build.

Tomorrow I'm going to message original customers about 24HHP re-write,
do the FAQ tweet, plan 24HHP work, LC, EQ, do a brain dump planning
session of the projects on my mind.

Have fell off food tracking with Cronometer too. Have had several egg
breakfast burritos in the last month. Not necessary either, just lazy
and wanted it. Haven't heard from Dad on his health and walking goals
in a while either.

I really knucked down for the last two weeks focusing and am holding
my breath on next steps.

Distracted today. Better tomorrow.


<<PRIVATE
bfabdf2c1631acae1AvBn+9HOsHAHPWTIdM03LQdwkiR9NNZGD0M21v2L7pNJvY5KDhL2uruNzlawqCp9LSsXOmhxEG58JDoJhniK9w4tUtMRsxPJIQr7RSu362YV0A+r41h+TP2dL7eaw8Y2cBcOP0nh/VYT3VZ1at3kcmPT2A6j8pX5RHfBnIGCEiMTZwFScLlVo+yTbb+dhOjZwVBPxBdQj8l2tQG0X37DmIG5hfQMonu/UIOh8A4jAZdCG4EUpi0Z9IPX05o28Nmq5eLLiiEOm/uplcfUwuL6VVEcdKepN1B7UJBPslDTrQ2QScBN2xd4jX/jdg2WZyCLo82ZfdUgr/F0uA0oggg1Esf4otPI/hz6LxWVxF5nzKOLki3Vq9/lz8V44V/kjGE4Xgq4FiGTX3SAyI/adzqE2dIBDPzbygl3x4KxTV/dJVQKwYFmxq+HiTz3OUVlXpBPr3KvBo6Syeh9L5hm87BbrnBaAE7/ERpfrLZJKTmaob+QgJNlxMzkr/NtZJ3i0jq12RlhThcVc4paAc2QhxXIgxn+X0s9co++AkcZj0PGDojvNLfnefi4wY3XRPXDdmSImlK25ryZ/SSFM8fman6rKHj715KjhLJMQ6ZZm2QaWWbSjWwumn4QsUr/8KtdkdBBx31EwH6W8udSIF8+YMBclEoKuQZYDg22AIXrHiHRxMpppspuEPqwOVMpM7jfeOdeidGEdp7VHFgdmyLQgMBK3/zSuMJ0IM4SoEJC3ta2PXlMiLYfVttqRTAEyLJY5KFHU5yGcBg8ptVqsql3YWdm63Ctc2CvUArxpj81z2SP4MxI320YYrRIIXg6Gk/VRHqaSGQWQLubZ7LfNQ5r6JBuyOOE9AVLoSwa5yTwLqiJQm3jnv/Fl1g81mCZMvCVHWRh7NkAkahjSbKjqR3MEPXO9P+czww/pBgLHDBry4pJSMHc5Y7H49g1gnnNzNp4yk5//L8w8RnAtxJrBsRWWFhxG0WOyeq3gLYb1clr9WtNQ+eO3bJlpY//N7mVgirpNKh78wv9q5bocLW7XiZL4+jub6Bfr/SxnSA3SczpyDpoMgEI7+KVXdJNmdhDZi8DLu5eIiVB0K+5DTTJC3RFIiVcTzVGT7LEe27N18PLIWFyOjDfmrKrN2xv8OlH8t5Xg/PlTD7If5JPRsUHegIQwHq8htuFoEfVA2FKPvTR94mo8orYAUqM4g+6HGXxOD+5Mic600lGnHj/0+dpLutnNAWAnAHt0dClleLbcGy5rZPPa7jGC5USqiikgT7OSMjR+axuLz7Ua+vUL80KH5hm9CNng8XFaiHfg1owAyUVIhX0Gd1IZ28y524BVuKBfRYa4toK4XJfLvM18qslYWXafdG1axcKtPHFqbn4nM/l7mk3Jdt8UOwfqZXSzyVy3LhYpuOJsXrd2kEC6HwJIbc80Gux0+WcDJ7hSJUP4I8qHoHMuysdECEz1KcsQddWLNr9XbRMVi/i6pvKCqKflN4DrCXPFqEiPOETAggSoPLuIhDzeV7xTrmWcr1KyBBuVmAnbL3wkA/PDm1vIO8WoIDbiqQZAT/I4cUNOKrQiN46LCz1vMlLEDieFlp5RXClfcWS5Nsw9DMTvXwiReAjU5EjQeqEUH2UPEh3h4J2KwhMg0BklYonw0qpMcl+HNi2sYJRmVUouI8adHQvHhTTJD54YkmIWhJDTBv//rp46wx6Ubs2prs+8ygFbdNyBBR5wrOmVYkIj7mQie5dOEYKKqyIp1PpNuB7Y81QGwMKqkzog48bvq1rEopiGIYV0rWvTNgo+p8qYitRZVxSjGHd75W2/lGL1iETers9QDZ2WFdBuB8B/n3BOyUbh12pg8pzNV+LvJv8XvJrnL7dKX5BRTaAX21luMpCcfhHAu4w9DsHIB28b0fHTBui4P7OwVCJz62mERjMB0NCv4G4FLTeCHagbcDPxGOnfdNwTj1hUcr+BuhlqlUxAT3Fu7m8g0T4W1HyG+uw3PzZmpBP21KdMgTUOI3p7EcHdhqHuIJJQPwqvx7+J9eaWVxNWelxjiUTLgUuVArVoB6WgE28zdLnKJ81RIV2BrbkcGlRlEp1htEYQW4QdqiFvdQQ9lB0n/amQ3g9O65oZe5g7o88/Cum1cDFJPvaqsLJBcXQeF8PUIc3DhsSKL6sPRudKNelzOLkQtYHQvCiC5+CTcI/dMZ49egQdLqWC2FyhhtEYSjpF7SjkDtQTBHwV1qEFwIVtTDiJ0wCMQAHcs8NEm3qlPQHXgt+e6N6qGFvPQy2JtKa7k2n5cQ5AZ1GI3hpecsVYJ0/cSWAhHpN38wjAYbQHj0cuA2vLWWq12Fly05p+vccQxM8J4HK2+3+MXbTqpbz5KlR4rJqNUCNs+aCb4yK5WGOHn10njDLGFa1wQq9KYaW43LpJiA4dAsC8rDf1CuVYLshM2zwdwRqXN6/G6ibL0uviY7jWS92utMC5JiGNhTOoN9yL06VG+xGjlWB2+OVjjLarx6gHzABPevr6SH6x1eBJdKXOwrbzPMGZpNLbhVOFcrOZmcr1+yPf9kIbynRDrvPluTAeoTMAX7pa+lOfZb3GitX5USio3Uknshmx5K6I6Xd7hmAipsWEZS9MoQ4qEX2d2n0oE5zrx7pufRB1x55VkPDbfL1UTQlJ5smEy+Ls3izozPA9BPJf30Nqhbx/32ve7+GeBpZaOhQUYLRQxmmQ6cKr0vuvGUOz36pYTx8Ze2h7kebI6pfq7F97W9EbakJPH6dmREiV4+HE2NzuqoPog8Bxy8o8rf4UOEkL5zUXuk1VMhFmvp7WdfuC4vMnFAR00PGoMcW3aJu9js3f/wLxmyT2PCnyXB7AAOY/+3dgrbhY63w35QVovl5WLIr6sf1KLq5OtPyc9v/qlI5rou0w1aN4bDM4j/eGvIrHnVLArf38cLLr1QuOv1tyMwVAWCSrIaxo3I9dccmo4cdzCwuRXJvSd9ZP/Vy3wk6tpCEbCVrvExB/pQv5F1OuQgw/QX3BmOh5fE1d0C2Y9Mwy6FuAu2U0GpieO6CiyBeQCsVcSUNz9HnrvpUeG8pxZoQ8mCL5i0G6dJjqVzgwLhqjaAKpuFvu4TAa/YNzUUX3OH1bKXySYq1byXfHzY3S7OvgXqlmx+MTiEMqryzrztOJEKQcVusRAhTkyjD3m/RHJFZDyuzQRONTOQugNzmYHf0orIGNHlB4auMjs0+6+1sKmIg1dgIJrFavQl2l7DhXQ7PXCcbRFww0dsunWuub2saXsrhyl0nuKW10SP/3mqcmX+sNp0Q/0sfPKE69prYJgckj+Tq7I6mD9LQZeAAd43Ao6M7jkP4OzjezuOFkGoCS6vreTASA4H8QbzLPe54gcWj2AfQbyukvCYR2p5zrILVuZX9iZaAsCPOqAn9/fymRkVvHA+j514/IR9Y4mfB6xiFT8I/9+f09wh80EVFyny9KpmuPfJUN2uaO7fmxl73dxumDIqc3bqjOoEpSA1nft/VoYAzjv8C8G2aIbL4tH1+RpiBbY6wig6gYUrUAxOuVnBF/DkpbmNOg8YseqZwIsymaINsn8309S2678JflkaU5FliP2660rikCAx5VghNQQ4vUpU7+qIdFQVzqqy6f39ZcHyK9Eq8snr8LoRhIJPzpHKj8FwqHauRTX7IPw8ZwEGkH5LrGTtHiIfi60IWCSmCzCcHutgrDa1alpx7XtXtZ5uoBQXyXfI9t61qBF0yufoKVlhmlNYxQ42IMP3QmZ0ENE0asXIzlB0J0U613mni2uVaSDJ01IK98YBVKF1PfO4ve5ghhGN1KxG0LgJL3RmZ2XOXOdpi4HRryC9YZeP4kgv1KbzXqhxQchvBW02RuIdK8+uhnRdWCCTbI77g33DaqAQee5cdQWPA9TxzrwKTk/6m6Jft9hziVuWY/XtZk3kbC0JaXTx0xG2JVpxwwJ6CVGWUMJVGBDs9oI2FzRqnwJ+nN0NnVuCDsB/eM+7+O8UsWcFIGOwwG1vmMevMpRJ33IM6NmzjnQOVrOIts9AKR8wW2pFqnMsfNZ1mntrC6u6QVl9lXwG1njHzXOxuMpJVF4i4xYX+50yPv9BexZnUmu50RoSygIRAjEbjYK6U+PE2AN+67olHkryk+Rrk+eLpX75tYOlAGiEba2NVAnNqUGTzpZB24uyZiyxNcpOrKJ2aQM8ywLLH+/VT0o73mvgRRfxzXlsFqF1RpIUVQ7Hj/WEGkyzIWrVh+ZOjIxbX5e9W8MNzgpFoK4/F4hKszufiC1wrsZ2wk96nkE6ViU9c4GFNQ446/a7C8GYuEoep4iB/8qysqhj+ZdYk75NPzJv2oH9jJ8FCWLTvFMAL/ErWNQcJEgyxbkE2Pn38ZypM6osDOOyTv17MFmdpZJ/5c4ZxAQanICj8rv62W5zyM9cCXuFcRbFJOqZIvlTqnSfpDarAr93458qS/xIFkLaVA2W0tVcNTB5yPRq9ZjkyXlD9hv16sAhnhcs2f/tlFBTg/4fi4h8rpFWe+43V2Cm67DMVWtN7e5u9V4TC8+KViJIkMfs6lHPHOYysuoEuhemNsh7/ThMGXoYb7Wjxnu6Qg2aT6U4ohiuEY5qHvqWHH7ULXGov4SqxRscWnQyw+UwvLQmNUrilL7ofLkyHUBodhMxVkZLaXRpIwyqLCuTuKN/1pd3PzM5gfTRll6waC1uDk3xW0ataNxc5GMVAyakCrs2ulKFoB/Jfzvu+RoqcMLLbWfB6sv8/T9eqhxPZ+1oEDda+B1gJaxQk41kVb1Op5roUr9eYif3oouy9lbAto+cJO7vFqad+s4zUhu0CjcWJllV9SpGZojyRzNdanXzLnLNWc2VfDDAYpZfJqNYVyef/WzhTRZKgacWhZAU6V4oZ3g3TSM8ZoMG+QE7pfZwMLFLj0IIadgPGghF/E2wvqMkHzJLAbiJR3/Ef4cwOLKFp5U/jlmcRJp8vb/gP9JKKkrElUzDlhjw/8GeP8F154WSZLqJJvnb4MEAujr0aM316M3d7RoZo+y+alUssWTdHysLxcTBqLvgsU4KwuaFVdm2mFJpIKkwqZEuIG1OhK6cuFk26mEmHaBN+tsueDOanc1Ce75F7chy0KljaeX1GiN6nlrE27bcms5HyLQJ783QqJdvwZppORyqbMaK7IcdzinLb7+Efsw0mrq+29GPyNZ7m56/sHMFcJc8vRjuAPV/tfanEyGtp1YhhNZAyDeA+cDZRFupcVLmu9gi9GzMWX4JIaEocwCTMgXFJ/DhqUWhe6wrzc+Bt+cS859qP8ByYbxnxbe2pS3x0YbQ4VJuYX8/3PdGtQdDPtirtAHM0VxbTdIMobgONEewEsF27JXGp5qAFPTionSd7KzK7Yu41erUkO0SvnorPtefLmpPaziKUyo8cA0PbVVz6JiZ+iZ2EWkIeL6/QIVRW4/zsHX59GN4G0fCzkTy+711kCTz5K9Cnaf7NpOfmWIVGzinu90QKuTYFE/XM1J1qy38U84RP4WjQmzVUk7Y5fymQXFGaiBYS0oskYU40lha8+sl7JX0WfGPA9QbulEEcYK+hnmFnwbxt/4LHESIm4mcMR5SJLt4GJXbKJxIGPLsW8GfxLdtg/Tdz/mvHBzlvfOXcViHdi7+SSxU8enhFSl4kliYYU6MRw3INLOKX6Ns64Riu7iCSIyYHMSNLgE88pT1lblJfqG6n8jJ5tjZT45lKfCW17nB2Hcy5VS5QS0NZc6bTLVUnX+j4H8nzOGNzGgLyBczpSuFHzQ3XGU1BmwfPKQKqWRSqT/ALQ4iGFeS0ybBI8fv7QKz0ilsQDC3G0Rm3DzY2soQZeh/mU0viRZxVDst2SJvB/MZksdwNvwm9MznGd7LOIjNwdOnaV+6yRWSTXq8GUXJYg8BAy03fOK3i8r//zB08AtmsY66QAEkrAI96f3YaZUnim8ZJOU/jXq2IckTKoCT9BJCE42Kao3xsPMdIF+MSIsmDLzhWoYg9E+oHgl0FLrHEXC+XgmE0YpWENVJKtQwUQJ79X3a04P9jzLcsnj+usEkKmHBTV8ofjDEtXdLkLCBahkzOeGcSXN6gg2QsPusOzZJ0/AegyUefAbRLfTiah7Iodn00wUDpPeFYPunKUVhyjYsPfDIEdZ7W6yYLB/fRZjA0NDeCIPaTtszBoPw/OWIrKwOQKQkZkSj9QpijspNXt7c1IWhMNcRbMnkSV1ugU1VdIoMrEeX7RIPC8hwSbLFdQuSPTOJmOG4TxwUI8PTSew1MIl8zjieHnZyw1sZ73COxTqHCeCVfh0Bopwqd8B48j+TZ3HxC2OCawXEHbbFzIY0QkbKZ9DqU2bYeMdiWDOXZPPzijcEghh2h4rsB0txFBoehr1qxg4B7uMtH+t5Fs+f1cDjwAjyRiOrAQoQdTZRsuqTD1XlZtfIyDvBupOzszmq6JcCcqnKcMd18zdO6DFZiS8lIVWM5Z3kuhzwy6ZHy2N/XlICZS8o7u6rMEnf7ZIGrKL6/hVgIIFrAxpknTh9eHp3tf5bPNxyrkLAFCdhS9hQCztfAOviV+Ql5F8/B4dxYFMQLxEKAzGnX+gBW1dlDlRnsucYtGaoDr+b6M7Am0Kq9mmO84w8Px9QE1YkEq6DG0Oj790d4ZMND/nUV6CW3sVYNvlCvfxq087LmpYh/bmzCFsFmJDP5grxQLyX4CVu68VI6z7t6eUEW7je/5hfNJJBp3AUXDQ5ITlp5yQvq2OHvCqYShu3by1P/CeXt9pjD82lxtnxIZ9FHRFThqr/WCLvlZUnRhezNydk2JnzNzlvgwuBwAlfuSSlmzGMOQi0IqLb4hbznvUVJci1O/JeUbfQaGxvulDGNOHj6R25iO0jSKB/s8X5B5gjB/7ybovGQyHPBAYX1ltMvex8ZXb7hi9HFlh6Yi1kBfpkS3Vr4m+T+lHSip4gy/5WoJ9++G4B4asMVQuR7OUnW/O0agZCBZO0lxWnvMaRZHFfLfbJI96k4EO2bcZOZx157RjmmvhM5Y7yAPDlsgZGhlp2n7fs9Cp7PL4rUlrudrws6+aP+s85sDrxdO35zWcMTsNzwSCJ0Hu/uGdLmDiG4UKWzbBLdMQbPD9bRnLp7xaasQyihZoi7eAsyzN+jKJBpMzQLE2PIIzfw+sKF3WJI4SFFdC9IEkzCe2db9Q1HyT+SQ4sPJtpuc1ZUY4UDiMIr74m10GPmxbU/U2Nsjxn/FCPob3ZY/rJsatpdmuxNDRFNoNrKQem3S0H4sZWj4bZ2naL+DToF0o8y8ziV+cVAGP6RNO8j3IA1RcyRWJ7DTTk2D6B+xJ/cBALDR7CdpMCDwX+N2dqcGZE2H0P3GlPXSeu2gW4cxt7GXzcFla2n3M/dXsS+RRbp6dqXf+kw2vwpPWVqIBHQE1NoYznxkiDznnMzRkPXrxhf/WtNNYMVBC9qH36H6Hk8MYdCFxDk0NndY9mQRce2LpRi5Y4K41HO3T5yoP05e0jAkDG6sBwkizw0fweXSZ55KO4A4550ENp54imLjYzFEqa3tDbVnEnviIqvsz8ypNssbehsgtYhgZSt/3nI0OBh6opwJq1lJ8It+e5WhPC1CgChQjn2I6v7pj+4W9q9QLVwkpcaGB9oHOLyo/3fzWOyaS3nNf2gvCa4dhyzdfbNj5p026t9ZuuvjWMjCgXn2qzagFKP2YT/8eu01oFqLahA13yv8jg98DSKle3rAnJnOcuboIKivS+DOVGOqUb1fIh2SZHI5MZiMuVfrQRfFtMKvhDDIT/ur/mfoklKJzKOEkRTRI71W6V7Xzg/lvScgUFKA51M+ufNuC0UKfHtsYy1pbJoK/kRkWuYRULbj3e+n92q0YdJpQ8UuLr8QeLwOSmEnF92JHUqsxxGFS3SiBahxGesPViR646SFjYDLNd/Jc5Z7l6xugLXqFF8aCFczRHFVL3A8fWnFvOxknCNAe1h3NhFQUYwoRLm5UEz/H+5aVrEsUJwF2S7OTkd8UWM6aIy44f0OnTeJUE++N0C2NE5I7zCnwPKJ9LUWcJi2yqEs75rjraeZo+QLzVZyYo7hLbfjl6+K7Mtsz3g7ggcBGAYp5psvZO1JKs4IYZUFr7sueYrOgwnwzEoX4+vwCcLVpi93ZW4kNdYkG40Mg0I+Yy3ahfEq/vNmVDBwtH/llkifD6Ut/qUPuJyTPLS2HdepltB9GHPL8YaRhlhN8RLcr+rX0j+I6OLHNhb6ZrFdve8k6TRBEVKrqUcg9uHOCpa2kafx04iZ4LV+hfrIIoifxNHoplB1hVJFvAdeRNvoCCPFm5lg3lLkEeBw0A1+MXQYuMUwFUhOZ6sx/bLiFpMJIo4rfKIT6YM7o/BkZUrPYhai736jsSTKQBAnMgQdNLjY74ABZKxWCea0L2tI/FM46a4ZYB6mEVVYSYNtZdcGs93XJIoSproKCbKHZI+la0+nteeK6F6x+DtsisQhS5GMntjnAjd4k/q7+0xa6RByF5/ZlfsUQR9tOAhk+zpEnB6qZIdgenndu90letDkb0gFxs1B6SZ7MUACCzP8canqxG0C0ms18cYFaUfAxjLuFseasYuv3gDDmvzoN+SGBGdrLhrszNrKx91f1BpvXD0VVgq5UST61umMHzPp8Mr+16p7myw7hFHn9lFsibPeSw5R2Mt43LtDniAwa3MkPXKsZIHuhAOSdJRzWME9+bezmU2bCmqYaTmUOEyYDKYbSQZdiKhaVtBdJFdjqoBhTqV1FkBAnn/EuBYwo326ST3ayZklz/ykNA9Abu0AwScPOQ/miH6Ld1Fy/eyFLZv138GCV8qArwz1DsbLVAsA7dJg3GkrLE56+X1I89x6b4O5wojZxkWyxvpbyzBnjx7yQlSZGtDyNSdsIuC8gw8PoGze4wQhHuZOfzd4IdoMITilI5y75ZVTxBiEUTtLTVpNgmEhWWF4ssQncFNjrZ8HNYb1wt8fWbB3fyOqUn2rsQbKALeE8lLvKZo2/mUlcV9/6MQmcb6frkWkUGomrICaazsNlEsfy6vTbl7aW0W5o32gJmmxjk2wFHNJR3Vc2SlKM3GwNJTxqUf4oSl0FS/D8/vGhW9BZcsHSThGBE4YuBc0ZNqvcyuZ8q4k8jqjANJKzBiDdlcMyzdFU46wHE0fT1jhZicNv20/uX28CHZR7xGBR/49hDdnpqgv51vLJxk0IdnUVbC7FyCxGTtSbRf0Lj7Nbg4Ss/Aaqmq2Sc2CnKPbMb6QJpSa3Aaaya2+8fPqCCP2spHKzaWjuFwLAlICENOR7w2Z9EbEf0K5B63eJdtOaWx2JIhUAQbj8SoXsU0WBkJXIbHLRURxC13q0y/mqf3b2+HXzQR8ipKg08QLBrPg9DpZQp4BNsT++vS4gPNWIKnrnOlr3x9ZwO1cg5Ma0kEFTdQTyHtq7txwRN8Xygbp9cfF2pRbSPeMbAG3QfvNF6xgeJmRPdD8/zvZZSQlYyfy8AG11aIHKGHm7baExo5rFYtw9szo+6tgypH61T1KUziQ+OakgLtSo+iUWydcej4Ydc8DTbEFPrfJJ8yrndkxSjd48dWB4afqt6AwjLNM/q5jfIC2c3ZtpFQ0OuUjOp1lFdlfgZPk3lxChcqWBFmhBdtTn0iZPnrDgR7SxeaHT2tmPdtopYbC6/5IOirqfkHQrkZasu2Ek2LTK+aO8K0DuuSM7NJm105sYAV9A/X7GTWTJlqygvQNGeihdSksBKpoCwNQedkaazFeU04HGmQQTSORRQP0jtLZmvu1KuDgdK10SBuUQJBgnvN3DFFN1enzgs73QZxtK00dy6QA8EvidGKfuObUc3Rnx19iE2v0A8hM9o7GqhM9bQr/dWanlkLPgFcN16hO8Pd0ZHg+iNGoL1BaqNWbUm3+TysLRCGRaYj0kymXyyHzfU1KCOTRdgD8f1QTgXcbF+gkNUq96WczMafRqD0s7t/8/tq7x8LKT49gdVa6dT/u9fsLUNSTcJ2Jv1umiuyBHOKGKe3gNiQ17AQTy6UUmS0zXEcNt0WvoGY+T5JKgABJAarOMGmbhQnFoC7YMGfwpUlXtBl5LT+PKZOHLjBO9tjN5IVIb73II7zh++gg1OLKi1IDRiWcOTy/FcNNXDyk/DyrS0DQoZrqQ7q63p2Lbo7Y+qwKPyFVcbgGyEqbWXgrSqdi4kGpIJWtK4ozSpwd7+4gnAjMtE6jfM6XfviZZklSb0QkzkFNoblGbm/WeCTKhi8hFGrjeN0hl/W8JyNXnWSjh5BZiTdGocxLzMWzqDgvFQi1DLmzzK4EsxOPNBoKJIroIdpgw/lbmWHtPv5DAwbvGCoUV6n5Z20nmWqtT8i4vWCdCuNGGsKd9KoZAinZLkDRx5OvC/oVI2ZfGibUMAw2KBiSyGBS+T6n8KCK3p2vPkqtGEZlHcCVbxbltGxJNLyfjeTJLlyQIK2p5uGoPsdknOg7IjNn3pQy7JJ+rsfjFdofZWyzp+W6j2Dwc+Bwf0dmq4/ghXenIPTjvV+bHnhlqLOIL2SA+0n96ULXUpfU5f7fAsWFiay13wOpx15fR+dcNtH7nhswPVidg/U9MADDSxdBlXoqnSsnR8hZmx+zookm0Uu1WHQGkTKMoQpNPshRmV9xAU0u/oekZ5eQGUIEkPeNNIaaH/XRmeTUOTKzYo8FGT+GHieOrv5dRY2Xu5sY6eIKA/Ky5QD9Mjh+q6ahBjBI/adswmV9egYfZCFivFhYYbNQ9/dqcbsOlXDCRy+UiAF7SFfHrp7aViwttM2pfcKdd3ZECbK9yy3mY5EEQZ8QniiwbNL1hk1RkTou8GOXJP8h3Jhb6LilsqLPruWfudsxms6ZLuqnTDXLYFcHaiOY4RDNNlaJlEIcCkZp2Q4hUyEFc5h6kz+FeAI+EIyVnjZqaS4GVdAbsiSO4fG0DB6OFG2MVU36KvUzZSJk75Kj4dz9l29eclAk3wffoVEOuB07m1X9vEbXGK2BTRBEHk25fyr2X0ChGdGFumpMSlTTdPmoVCGCKfbx7t8TemEgl69potaftUNtVjuod5oRqjk8VgcmMnZ21MhqzhdrhLFEIdJciFlletp6cUjtZunakWECSNUxhIBjKPIagK0Y2I8gSf/PzjCZ1OttzBtkonyAncVEjVRFuHAdXDH2JZ9ylsaamnRhfz8bHDIgh+ttl67SwxhdLhsF+WAZ0583J1qYUWgRAsRLsnbP36ekcioP2/m17Z92xot8Xe0HlHQBrcEYqvn13CpdiuHGQZ6i1TBtojBS0c3aayPxDD445ghiw6BZWwTR0g7E6HtOCISnisZReo86oTt+F+K1XYu1w95q/zABA2wWgKKatCm9P5R2BWh6nIYxYcGKOAcaeUxNBSowO3Ai03M7R8yTRdiommyJwX0XrMkyqEazzxg6QDkK5n1CLGmBtLpqRo2qV9nxMD5p3mv1cAUaV/LGHYqFMS8IkKCvG2jcYKpWZ/+gW2bRXCRFUEhp9l7R1PyEWpD4II1RSx2yjwESTxNry8bYmsEY76/OZ3XNKNQYOfIQmCxEOCXA6I8yeVQuExkIrDvj/uOn1Fwc3V3JnY0IW4/WSav2o1loTVDEEEcsBa4cxLUcTtyNM4+dhUqN6UimD/AGgZ8oISkTuUHE19eVtb89vgUXt3/xWhiDoRJlAaiDDmdhOmN8o997XoIIoUbQnAS4MjpDsvUiS9mHApsB5fZ1UUid9PnTOrpXzzEPhllFrVV8c3tKEjXOvnilXv79nwDLXHgzA2YJJY9VjMljYTm2gWdca41kDFn5szD6hT57EcJH12d5AtQwUhTm7N2GcypWdxjuiXBcol4YqT8chB2kuFHS4mPy2Rg0K8uFbGbdWCM7UmcOZ4SxbqfHVEsoaOspULOSGXKFXGpz6Qfm9o/dPCYbofEw3TKOHLpETE+9eFOHF6kEeX6yaRcNyU/jVzgvifOkbTZyJNg/CAirUbCBJ30DWzU6inPDUrW2V3GLHogJd0yx7vZq7Exg+EcVBPKQPlUoF9rThN59Hjo7bSUwflDuHICxClMRzz9X/plgCd1odRm1jnmu51l7/cJ+oryZ9+G0OyGq04BH3dCjk7s/7YEW+aPT1P7o/fQtmYsaxD7OG0jfV4oVg9PZ/3nxqw7Da6nBFgBag/iulZk+K3L65kHaz+g5TMPx31m2F3jNnaQ+OxW8pEfJWlakGH3fAxELZPeU7aziNlrK1HYoSkes0rghmLemzjBAApnQnpBPjP+UukCfVM+FfIDkOCDd+LvIlPbpG2SuEQ6sBhNKeLiXXG17ULOzjQz7f75mbdCX14eHPQIrQKkMQSOaaNVeu6/6NajuIIIHc11oOHvmcEL9Qh6tQMMzyzgJSXe0pXekCZkCD8uaCzlNARCvgruIp8jmGfMRngSvjER1IJhznZncNB9H1YRvRpxwtHqkD4hUfynTESijfoDLQvayEvd0X3j7Lhya1zKW248DwR87yiRYoucP2u/vVwuIUODmPV6N9omoczHXTvdMHm1rLHkps1BKO6FzNrraZJhQNCmpa5NM+9ga1F3zw8tKms6KTyX2xf+v5nL6oEBg6/HsLaQv/EOOIBRfxyuO+Y3gBN3tDcLS3znDRal/TSNft1IW5G1M+dNOHznmcMGAoGeOuNHFQ9jeKFBbWons31rvFLQraNEQTxIQT7Qqj+GQ8UOgeAgC6FRed4EhdM3nw1i7vRUdOSCJjMfeTZsk31UszxKjKD4J8/VBKfOzDQgyuaR5fyrNE7/2AUboIJ6CsfrBN+qCbgS5tk5Zq9LtKLvDZaO42qF6M1vnH1m73g84PbxdwHIgq6L4nnqcScfGIegBFxQ8XOBzGbI/uoFl7JoP8BED9mvWdxy9/gonIWEAITD8v4Q3TprwGxhL+0Up+fdoccU6+35PPwo4Kf3x+idX8hSaljKg/yuU8xspavCl9+ELwXmH3Cr8jWhJjEy32per4hCWWl441/EzY45cunzb/JG6PSbcJjw/DjOKpmIaA/9bfLu9T1q75cS3AOBwbeKXJCFz1hUl3Z16k7ZmykkyFEDR9g/jg2v2iRxTZpV0Q8/eKQ9Cj8fCQfb99gH150KFPF8egDGKjZ3hRIqx6/9Pf0SD/VDG0iw+jKlA7/gd0Ws+ensdydHobtWP/iUlQebwqYLGa9DypR0IgJIDP8DV429aw0m4J3TN+OHT5BIxqemaL04tu+yNmn458RTPLNKmhXK1lQvsh4/bP+I2fvoegeeBBI2T4XiZSf8hIiO2cD+wdpxB7Rb394qdcLVQ==
PRIVATE
* 04/11/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 7:30am after needing some rest from long few weeks. Still
waiting for news. Read Stripe documentation and a bit of Cash App
docs. Simon came over at 5pm and we grabbed tacos for dinner at
7:30pm. Picked up Mariana from pottery at 9pm

Played "swing my dirty socks in her face until you bit them" with
Leche when we got home. Had good laugh with Mariana over it since
Leche would close her eyes and blindly bite.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/10/2023
** Summary
Sold the trailer today! Freaking yesssssssssss.
<<PRIVATE
46f1bf40c3ff3e025PTiU60eEZupwf8TDpmOgnWdw/dU9WiO/+kV6pvIURw=
PRIVATE
* 04/09/2023
** Summary
Nice day. Sunny. Played with Leche outside and studied.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 04/08/2023
** Summary
Showed the trailer to interested buyers today but reached out to
Griffin and Melina who had been quiet for a while and we made the sale
with them! They put a $500 retainer down and we'll deposit the rest on
Monday as a cashiers check. They'll pick up the trailer later in the
week when they have space to store it

Went to cafe with Mariana to study. Came home and continued. Ordered
CPK for lunch and dinner since there was a 55% off postmates
special. Still not worth it LOL.

<<PRIVATE
f5dade03389d2e49WvX0Rf6uWW2hXbv9koNWeuv4vl5iuZSEst7d2DnlbWs=
PRIVATE

* 04/07/2023
** Summary
Friggen tiiiiired. Woke up at 5am. Accidentally woke up Mariana at
5:30am with the blender. Oops. But pretty funny how she zombied out of
bed. Async standup with team. Worked from cafe during the
afternoon. Threw the ball with Leche at lunch. Refilled our
water. Scheduled appointment for people to see trailer tomorrow.

Made mushroom pasta with dried morrels from Chicago. Tried pramp and
schedule another tomorrow.

Took Leche on a few walks. I didn't do as much practice today as I
could have. Need to be more systematic. I have 37 of the 75 left. I
can probably start focusing on them after doing some DP. DFS, land
area, grid, all good.

Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/06/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am and studied until 7:30am when I did my SL
workout. Bench today felt great.

Reviewed Mike's PR and tested on device. Went to cafe

Last minute guy wanted to test drive the truck. He's eager to buy a
truck soon and is testing out a used Tacoma with more miles on it
tomorrow. He seemed to like this one although his friend told him "fix
or repair daily" so he might be biased against Fords. We'll see.

Studied in the evening. Threw the ball with Leche at lunch and went on
a longer walk with her after sunset.

Bed time.

* 04/05/2023
** Summary
Long day. Read and got twitter dump running. EQ but not great practice.

Standup tomorrow is simple: keep doing what you're doing. Friday we'll
review what Billy and I spoke of:

1. High Tide
2. Minor product evolution
3. Measurable marketing tools

Scope on these should take less than two weeks but since they might
require deciding with Billy, we want to know what can we accomplish
before he and Charles are back on Tuesday.

* 04/04/2023
** Summary
I won't have regular updates for a while as I'm heads down focusing
(more updates later). Today, internet went out from around
2pm-8pm. This has happened 7 times in the last year. Not very
reliable. Maybe there is a satellite solution? 5g tethering works fine
in a pinch.

Had lunch in park with folks from JS.LA. Hoping that community starts
up again.

Jered's bday today. Wished him a happy one before my workout this
morning.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 04/03/2023
<<PRIVATE
dc02bff9acbffb89iVEBYv6Bg3NmLbHLq01YQZV41FelIPmuND+vJp4iUvQhugcyD/6/vrvoVaANgIQpBW2OChVt8/Dk8B0/qgPiM65Vt1IYAR/qArnbcxHB6v7/IevP4QoSvxMhgt7SxGdrxBsbjSVLmhZ5kgcLSGAfvDYnFznWMeZu4smrmIK5GJE3i4azWwmbO68ofugx0URzDHfSOQ21trz382ybxk/GSZdI8WGlNVwW1b1YpHkXEPyXPZuUpV7PM+dlZwvv1CftzvKdtxKm7RcKR5Cd43kIzU5EzsIMJlaE+A9JSbeB0aN3omnRJaXNQesdtJxaVNDjIH7AgbQMcHSLVfDZGoOQ2A5apiLOUcXGze0z8L5CfGTNbJd1lJfrKvSbeoLSGrdPo4/tk6InTF/1ci/aXrITRaY69rNZURVHrKBWHoOtDRH4SRNl0G5Bco0LJNji+p771eJiSt68EKCjpyre0xIStIQk1sA5vgOQBzugAHTmWifIC9zd4Z0ZXZt0WK5JB3gi0BIJYJIhsFU6KPV7NcAC5YhK2Z5kL4u1yGahfx++OzAtC1b/EBgArlxnnVgrnnVSWI/ygfS1wAi10u2kTglOXXTzO9CCBQ+TyS9040BGy/dm6lojJNSl3IO/AvYoDxyHazsYA4zRDqunTBU1S/xgSMwK8xjB0OMwHNONIuUjaAUzfCeVd7G47Lb4Cf2m4BtvjH2VvXqq7NBxB0U/Mc41tluc+iT5XrQvYjxbaJ6Xyh0DdA0cU76NGofhpx7v7KkeO1sRDPfk6cBgFgzwpRoNambdBO/cYSXOTBqAB47S4X8E6BH+J3asJQMTu4HvPbMwoijKpFw9vpoTuzx6qlZXEPg3iREAbyvEuoPfKMxpU/0tBM+oo9l9POmjE76AqhT+OXbwB4e6zQo2rGWUDdklTfvKJAFO1zLac/HDWcz0frSaRo68v2kPSI8AVZFajuA+6nrcqxN3y35FwcINS/jhJbIMYfaQHfhSrxXjyMC9tdlRXsbk0DGzSycgUOcCKMRzGQGj6DFEeITIWvukzwflxR6yip173r52uQ4DpJS2sapnTMLPn482p7EdIsBhgR6KWDc1ukMQU9fq9wAuD/9objVfTxTh9XXMFyo3v82CBuNS95GimOvUVd2XRQEw5pDWJYt/lR8Uggi8QTJLb5A3yT3ovvz8GGfOZ5XUaTcfXh45FrQz2cBhb3a4393yzFsMrKek12wEp6uieYcg3B8nL9t9qZosW1Z8zHEB1nAyay54zyJJLO/MUie6l2ZkijM9OM+4iNDDu8HHplwkUXL98eJRYbJkfNtZpsFylW8HmApzBY1g9QFxrgj7tUCpqpbueQBcSyOV8BA/VHkrfMfz5AJHe+m6hI0hKDbODPIzYLDcJPfzAo/2xGge5c1kV8xsU02ROkcs0X0SpnYYccajn2yau5/aX4zZ1+cgT0zPQZjlzWGF4vaEWEZnAp04vdrvxP3Q4O2B48oRf5+71WrfatSFJquLbXsmjJCOA4FA+9OACEzwigrrjLgsDEkStt9eU9+/zFN6rvULcWNXbD64E5WfDXi+wrq99S40XF2TP9sJfwDMoBh0klWC6Wxp215Xwvpf7CnFJikbW7Sj88zhKe5eBmSshifnuF5MgD2fKCcUxgqughuJI0OXJAx2uRvQ/b8XmqWerlhD+J4i1WidHiwyLmFuWwLjUU8tyLHLlOHWoeaXPd9fAZH+TMI9JplVxMAavIY3SJft1vKXS+56prYPhCtQZ4GKlyhNqBSEmX3bT26nEG50lw==
PRIVATE

* 04/01/2023
** Summary

Was in NYC since early Monday morning. Flew out to work with the
Turntable team and launch our latest idea. Launch day was fairly
smooth. We discovered 10% of renders failed though. On half of those
failures, a height conversion error in our render flow. The other half
were no_chunks bug wherein clients weren't recording data.

Our focus for the rest of the week was to build tools we can use to
market and test the product. It would be good to have a tool to DM
basically anyone that links their twitter to their product hunt
page. To do that, crawl producthunt users in a browser session.

Had a few outtings with the team. Drinks and hotdogs on Monday. Pizza
lunch on Wednesday. "Sleep no more" immersive play on Thursday
night. Fancy italian lunch on Friday. Hotel (Penny) was nice and
hipster too. Had the vibe of The Fifth Element apartment Bruce Willis
lives in.

Didn't do much else that week. Wasted several hours each night in
front of the hotel TV instead of more productive activiites. Not
terrible but not great.

Really looking forward to being home with Mariana.

At the airport I tried hacking this solution to an itch i've been
meaning to scratch: I want to know detailed stats of how much time I
waste on youtube per day. I would love if it were an accountability
system others could use too. There may be a solution with bookmarklets
and iOS shortcuts, but I have yet to prove out all elements. Can open
my activity from shortcuts and can parse the dom but not
together. Will try a few more things when I have internet and some
spare time this week.

Another conseptual project is unblocked: You can pre-populate cashapp
links with amounts requested


javascript:(function(){
  document.addEventListener("securitypolicyviolation", function(e) {
  var data = {}; data["url"] = encodeURIComponent(window.location); data["title"] = encodeURIComponent(document.title); if(window.getSelection().toString() != ''){ data["selection"] = window.getSelection(); } var params_url = "https://electric-tables.glitch.me/?"; for (const [key, value] of Object.entries(data)){ params_url += key +"="+ value+"&"; }; window.open(params_url,"electric tables"); }); var markup = document.documentElement.innerHTML; var outerdiv = document.createElement("div"); outerdiv.setAttribute( "style", "position:fixed;width:450px;top:30px;right:30px;background-color:white;z-index:2147483647;border-radius:10px;box-shadow:2px 2px 8px 0 rgb(0 0 0 / 20%);" ); outerdiv.setAttribute("id", "electrictables"); var closebutton = document.createElement("button"); closebutton.setAttribute( "style", "all:revert;position:fixed;top:40px;right:40px;margin:10px;padding:5px;border:1px solid white;border-radius:5px;color:white;background-color:#35092C"%20);%20closebutton.innerHTML%20=%20"close";%20closebutton.setAttribute("href",%20"#");%20closebutton.onclick%20=%20function%20()%20{%20document.getElementById("electrictables").remove();%20};%20var%20iframe%20=%20document.createElement("iframe");%20iframe.src%20=%20"https://electric-tables.glitch.me/add-v0.1.html?url="+encodeURIComponent(window.location);%20iframe.setAttribute("id",%20"myiframe");%20iframe.setAttribute("style",%20"width:100%;height:600px;border:none");%20outerdiv.appendChild(iframe);%20outerdiv.appendChild(closebutton);%20document.body.appendChild(outerdiv);%20const%20myInterval%20=%20setInterval(myTimer,%201000);%20function%20myTimer()%20{%20var%20myIframe%20=%20document.getElementById('myiframe');%20var%20isLoaded%20=%20myIframe.getAttribute('data-isloaded');%20if(isLoaded%20!=%20'1'){%20console.log('iframe%20failed%20to%20load');%20}%20else%20{%20console.log('iframe%20loaded');%20iframe.contentWindow.postMessage({call:'sendValue',%20value:%20markup},%20'*');%20myStopFunction();%20}};%20function%20myStopFunction()%20{%20clearInterval(myInterval);%20};%20window.addEventListener("message",%20receiveMessage,%20false);%20function%20receiveMessage(event){%20var%20myMsg%20=%20event.data;%20if(myMsg%20==%20'1'){%20document.getElementById("myiframe").setAttribute("data-isloaded","1");%20};%20};%20
}
)();

<<PRIVATE
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
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/25/2023
** Summary

Slept in till 9 to get rest. Ate like trash today until dinner. Mixed
nuts for breakfast was a good start, then super sugar blueberry
muffin, flax seed pastry and oat milk matcha at 1pm with Mariana at
park. Had half her egg bagel sandwich too.

Feb finance report when we got back. 24HHP spritesheet generation.

We watched "Seven Psychopaths" but Mariana got bored and got on her
phone. Bummer because it was entertaining.

Going to bed now. Will pack for flight tomorrow.

** me
- [ ] feb report
- [ ] 24hhp full spritesheet
- [ ] study
* 03/24/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am and started syncing 24hhp files. Will create
spritesheets tomorrow, study and create mobile app demo. Spritesheets
should be 400x24000.

Fixed bug for Seen.

Went climbing with Mariana after work. Lunch at Thai place in
neighborhood with her. Leche drooled a ton at lunch. Squatted Mariana
at home to prove I could and it would be a good workout next week to
squate teammates.

We watched "Sharper" an Apple TV+ movie. It had its moments but I
would have liked it better if they just kept the story to one con.

Bed time.

* 03/23/2023
** Summary
I woke up at 7:30am and did my SL workout. No raining today so it was
much better. Ran load test and made changes to dev env for mobile
client.

Mariana and I had pizza from that new hipster place on Washington
Place and watched "Four Weddings and a Funeral". Funny but pretty slow.

Did some practice problems but nothing fancy.

* 03/22/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 7am today. I'm off schedule. Had that mushroom tea last
night and was knocked out. Sort of tired hung-over for most of the
morning.

Load test plan for Seen.

Watched Ted Lasso with Mariana.

Working out tomorrow and will have yerba matte in the morning.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/21/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am and studied until 7:30am when I did my SL workout in
the rain. Holy crap was it cold. Took a nice long hot shower
afterward. Mariana walked Leche while I was on standup call.

Getting closer to being back on regular schedule. Did a coredump after
work of all things on mind and rough schedule. Still more
tomorrow. Chip away at it and share the plan with Mariana so it isn't
just some catch all "sorry babe, I've got to study"

Got the dev env setup. Will load test tomorrow. Looking into telemetry
first. Might need to upgrade functions.

Made a huge pot of soup for dinner and watched some Mindy Chronicles
with Mariana while we ate it.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/20/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 6:30am. Studied. Took Leche for a walk. Tested the dev env
and fixed a regression in min sizing of our functions.

Ran into presidents man while throwing away trash. Still same pop-quiz
approach to interactions.

Went to grocery store when Mariana got home. Made her pasta, she had a
long day at work. Made a big grain bowl of quinoa. Good base for lots
of meals later this week.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
4bd10bc1a27c4861lA/ccx5Y4EQ2z7pWSxoLOI315ee0df5YRI/+Ias35JDGJB99kFGZoUkg8AaeKVCsnHH+n6d7zMO38HrDB7KUnWxShE1+Qk/zhk38pWY5EZvmB/TONe31yzCpkSPidyf6V8mAR9hm1qqXgCyw2i8prvqWdhuj2m67jfWvTPuVzV0Vhzgvqu2mT2qoNVmWgxtvdhOAdO1XHbYohnytAGnS9vzx/i/V+8BiXA/YA8DaRuEuvvnbg8NPz6raPNrUckyNG3JVCc9gO1obPw+t4KUSvyrxCLbc759i88JvM0VLayrWzcGjq6b/CotVfglRurhFi8NnZVJ7Ncn34ddrjp94Nit97PqjM7hoRpyMSILzfGniKDQtyqs9iXhSTlRlBMF3hkIOjO6fedybhp0BddxmFwnPIpWmrGz0cGLGcVJRqSWl+XGa9eceiKWr1E+GfL3rqKd9Aw==
PRIVATE
* 03/19/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 8:30am because my alarm wasn't set. Pretty sure I set it
but must have forgot. Didn't get much focused study done.

Did SL then had late breakfast with Mariana at Rickenbocker place. It
wasn't as focused a weekend as I hoped. Yesterday Mariana cleaned the
whole house and was distracted by it and the gardeners. Today was late
start. Need to re-evaluate how much I can get done in a day. Focus on
one class of problem and master it. Spaced repetition is good too.

Going to bed and reading.

* 03/18/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 6:30am and will do the same again tomorrow. Maybe 7 to catch some more sleep.
Did somewhere between 12 and 24 problems today. At least one per hour,
several. Still lots to do and re-do. It's important to stay sharp.

Mariana and I had lunch at the park with Leche. Bahn Mi from Lokal. We
should get dinner together tomorrow. She went swimming around noon
then did a deep clean of the house. It looks great. I did problems all
day. No EQ today.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 03/17/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 4:45am naturally to pee. Those 15min were
kiiiiiiller. Talked myself into sleeping till 6:30, then studied from
6:30-7:20am, lifted from 7:30am till 8am, chat with Dad at 8am. Snow
is melting a bit in Oregon and more people have seen the house for
sale.

Finished up the admin tool for the team. Started to get the
environment setup, but need to integrate it into some client next
week. Might be better for James or Mike to do.

Mariana and I climbed after work. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/16/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am but slept till 6:30am. Not tomorrow morning though. Did
some warm up math problems.

Stephen messaged at lunch, sent him what he asked and pinged a few
others.

Built an admin dashboard and will continue that tomorrow. Looks
good. KISS.

Hoping we sell our trailer soon. Interested party wanted to know about
electricity.

Going to bed now.


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/15/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am and for the first time since the year began, I went
back to bed until 6am. I didn't have a goal for the morning so my mind
was easily distracted. The goal tomorrow morning is to get up and
study.

Stronglifts by 8am. My back feels good enough to start progressive
overload again. Still, lots more warm ups and stretching will help.

Tried SEVERAL more webkit audio bug workarounds to no avail. Raised a
flag for help with the team, hoping one of us can come up with a
solution.

Tomorrow I'll do more end to end tests on Android. Mike has been doing
great work across the stack. Lots of polish and resilience work to do.

Felt GREAT after having some bottled green tea oolong after
lunch. Sustained for most of the evening. Leetcode felt focus
too. Very easy when its a quiet house and I can focus.

Spoke with Stephen Garcia after work. Very helpful and straight to the
point and that's lame because I'd like to hang out and chat. Hopefully
next time I'm in SF.

Marie came over and chat with Mariana for a bit. She's going to Texas
for a while for work.

Going to bed now. Hoping it doesn't rain as much tomorrow because
Leche gets a little lazy and stir crazy sometimes. She was okay today
though.

* 03/14/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/12/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 9am after going to bed around midnight. 30k images didn't
sync so I started the sync process again on just those assets. Did my
workout then had sweetpotato, spinach and vegan sausage
breakfast. Perfectly filling. Hit the spot.

Need to find a better local sync mechanism. Git LFS is too slow for
this many files, just keep it local and don't track in git. Still use
s3.

Will finish my work updates tomorrow.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 03/11/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 6am and continued the seed work. Large focus of the
day. Seeded the rest of 24HHP. Mariana drove to TJ at 10am. Kevin
Cuevas was in town for AFI concert and stopped by for coffee. His
friend Jarod picked him up here.

Published seed content for the rest of the day and watched the new Top
Gun while it ran. Will make some aesthetic changes tomorrow and
schedule some tweets this week.

Important stuff first:
- Tax docs
- Portfolio update
  - landing page -- Brief hello, work experience, articles and projects
  - work.html --

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/10/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am and started the artbreeder conversion. Loads of
images. Finished in the evening.

Figured out one bug with Android rendering. Will get the other on
Monday. Wrote a stats reminder.

I'm going to seed the rest of the day's content before Sunday.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/09/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am. Super tired and kinda irritable from last
night. Started basic twitter scrape.

Got the reaction page up. Showed the trailer to a couple who seemed
interested. Had coffee with Islam's friend Seth who built riffussion.

Mariana peeled off skin of mirror and now it's crazy stuck with
glue. It'll take hours to scrape it off. Not going to tackle that
problem just yet. Lots of patience and a podcast

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/08/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am, started the xkcd seed by 615. Looked for other comic
sites with CC license but too few quality. Tomorrow I'll do
twitter. Curious though...the og:image tag might be async or
user-agent specific? Doesn't show up in curl but does in browser.

Got the progress bar looking better on mobile. Debugged some more with
Mike. He added a crop which should fix the android bug.

Reading and going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
74a3191f3ef3eb833xQ98Z9SZMpOLnxRhGZKQeGK72a7GxeFDs9KqghRwJbg8mucfG6ND1d+nc0roBFp20ZOMPkyN5ldkYbPy0hpAGLnwcRie2zug6b66aSEpsObUFTOxxMEyHjehDArB+EvV8JITBHIWQVlq5uEZqvnSBCmvsZ/tQ9TgVzaL5heCr1kYRk0b8FUjC5MNOPONwrfCd47vpob6D3I3Piv9J9sh2+JFx//UZoFZThuwFfjkiA11B84A1x69rLqnNmtqDcQ4jSEybEs45SwquAGQjxC5mqGY+8rWuTM8l8czoDTkCBS2dSHv7NOZhi9fkZyNM0B5Cdop5gjTb9RZu67+w/7WTA4wo83WMzPJhL5nA8UrAbwd9ICO1S3wItNseBhiHBveA4zl3hR8hWTIwPO//JcIYT+bGZZlBQhamjSSn6BTcXsXSlsP4JMPCOgR/tBY8fB3pLuxPQYg8syYx6fD0F8HlcbNl98F5tEN2SOCKJnv/XW6p3vsaZ8ualCgCV8LDaGNFmitdNcSFdpOkR4XDA3A5sfi5UnHMEAMn7+XU/ODA/FY3+BJyJd7OcKJ3rWRe6TuCyRZMD/WRYt47YEBMYrO+MeVrPO3LCh/PFzZSwVyHYXIKcXXfE0FucKvub/K10WFx6ZOC0k3KYPh/kyQsXNmFijgtU5JFnOFHvvZfPFuAIr8iZzn0A3X6UpD9on/5RlDp6u8IwLR+TZ3O+bcbkJgP5YNr3wxyie79vFzUmeuKanOyv7CFtyNAS/VlC3jQ2ooiSIESurym6rdHKTsCBKu9YCH21tIHlFD6oubiO5scSWE3hRD2LXLIos292+OT5t/0llPzAfnkUozub8mBB0arX+9v/ch0Xuh59w+hmVWZRFttehQzF6OEcAB+fgTTRxjH4bMZyqL7XLk1Bs4nMec4hZxVOZoEol/hl4Yl+b1Z/HCd327kOHvkisoQLeHjvctVYgVpfqQJEavzehF+q3ZaB+zozl07xQN6EB8Mu91cr1U0g9vsfI7IM+TP05f/cXyivirLROy9VAUcjBaGRIsrG1PUPowOzoU/2APX+53emWKdxHdem+KvOHzi+LgvV34fDlYTN8f70SxJyPd/x870ZHuFqdA9WQEs+IanBkyt/C3SnTN/c5xDU7MMVkfTfesBrSD79yQ1ZH/k89c4UzCWx0X0SkWVGVGL2y2TF+h3TiEnus6tY14R5u81CBsdAR/TNSKfHyWhf2kORAgBzQabcP2yF+ey4bzPylkfHYIBtCgRdXx/bu5rfIXsvBJbI8LndTXL+1TOI2Rq9YQXrtH6ZuaxgLLUEvWd/3EHuL9+VIg6ET0mlhkJ3fzaz1Sb5DYFUwcUqGC4rGnyymoXpo1ynnKsk0Z6FtaRMbyTozoc/03RbywGCIMMyEhhDnyie+5+3bIr9w/D9pyYSZ51p+5Htn2y+3OIm2Ez2kfLmq7A72NFuWWzA3nONzaNkVnhApZ9Wz6n0Y996HCO9bSCjVXCeJiKxM/Tejpbm+YDPG4kuRo+qAxbreJdqq1GqercXDDozOSg4/8xoMJiIanhB9eTGuV+igYmbZaidKY6QgNGumkXrpxOiPqGKyfXnkplKKtGWPZ4A7Xznuxvl9jew2ryT7dtu5hMBgSuYCz3cN03xFqvnxkYg6RlO6j4A0x0JFDHy9spxIw40zucRgIo/Yn3uQTPNJyRp4Jfx3IpnMuuzLZLe8I4F8SmaANGJo/oK7YgPOFS2xTrzJPdmjersANvKGs++CglKv2jNzmtGEW+vbNgCdMY4+b/mChmBSLs/RZ+r6Q+04Iu3TSECpUwApPriAGiME+yGcpclgSsS9vdJSajAdc+ppdBVtVuMcOe5Caf4xh1j/cD16sf1Oy+Nn54+ll+H6bJgOgyFHCOEExLLRv3d/1y6KT2rorQdU0NpxsDpKUZfwmBBXG7A47DtRQg674QK9rP3XshnblqUS+Bfubvou7P0cEaGjRLJYCj4WuS2cvJZXy1/B679oIb+aENtKiwY0Mdc1xF+mul4vyQDXtqMN+pAYpuZ/D9FXEbUkZxmSXGYloU0agNL+7U1/pKhEBKhSCLCFnYhvVl5i/Ap/JyopfjWzKKqAvQpclev6SlRvXsgeXsFiGAVSIFevek46q80MDDVuEeUOD35we5y4XAjJh2QPb2X2Q+fBB+YtYnOpIeeZr/az+l6D3Z/BciEc0m7bANx1SeJTj5ly610g5qcG5aamHaUxkH9rsFjWSOrneWctUi2RpRtNpzdTB7WPFn41MjIej34ix9ZIiSn8aCALaPdlVjSB7e759algvaQ3n7jsVth4CdSQI3VgcfB20Aoiav6mEOc4jKrokPz25btKh546iM+H9RYuiW1pxOcv5R0AXmv04eaqa3daHIdlTiN26UNY3F/4kvLLR/w13grm1IvAeprqWfDP22dXhzjaSKklcmBhOyKiTRKlFzs2jYReMb8YCppJUzHNPktjulUkNjSGeaaXTAeovQUYwOEtYQMPea7jbSY5aVOydXgEb95LYCMmIi/x8X7HYhxVqzh6deeAFV1gkTF3EDFzJ0aEvEiWL643d1P8bzwYuhCVAjiFuwjiTyTreXZjNciSDVCIPamZxW8Wz77kqKN9/p1s0n5jTmWjM1QGL5jc+vqBUkzW0snWBeLCRba6JiHC+73chnHzIRY4yiBXfxAmAS0AdELuxlSrWlH+QCcLO3TWJbDnIY6tCb029Jcd+Cba5NSElSKO/h03vGcZtmicFqiLhewGgBGHGbVV+KKmmyIMPXV5OTPFgsiRXYwn2DZBvEh1JvvrnfIcI0cef/qMOMJOr+pHRJsWIPDsdrfkX9WkgmgWS4QKPXJ3QjL69XxIUibW8pN0ZV4ZMUaxUNyGavowKFFE7d89g7s9SaN4eC1e1+BAtQUYaxz81vzZgAyCL+jzIHOLeUxZ0hceqF5Q2WiPrEjMR1xnf0x54rFGWtfoxf7zBNLRwa2GP5Pz6NPUq4l1qXNrJvxGgHlAMu1jlENXVWlPtCnay2K+K25SU5TloHV5Ins2UXvBqibuQb5MXdXjabhmJkeUbb/yi/xiaiTAagK5jp7qEvTb2VkbKB1rPCYlapZNXu7OSxDOE12bXVi7ju8wyjwRxZxlkAaOjSjoT+GYwwMJE48C9GTyzwXeetrlkEm1bW6dswmfpUD7/I8mP6p/JOsDuqfeC7K/fV50CZbPPi3PxH1/oxj0lmNBsspNYj73LsmmmkB5rmNIPa1c4PivGrry1PdXadUGRTvyYp31vxRowkR5R5UdRTs9qlFHbyi8fzhAIeZC9QsUlzVQls1RoH2D8q5CWzU+V/zs20WivZziGq0yMCQWJ38RcsRwKaAzW3h9t3xzEewLjsip84afz8SFomrvZ2yEW45knIcQ2g1tVO/hvAKVGPGlQ+ScuYYFBsQ71sTpZjJLMrHXZA7nu2B5Gj6EHRT1znOTNdoIAh4pAQQxT4I/Fr8q9nRh4juDvYB+WMEQGpQPEao6ZnlZm+dhKU674+LFQ5qU8/CEKOX9PeZQZYOrpUWpI+rroW9I8Z7Ejy0NoWGfIWZ1V71wKn2urBAB/Kdi2P83/l84yiZNrW4+RfEtcmW1B55v3nauT5dtrOnADri/1sWydOzrai9Jfekw1aOUXjXPw+0eqr4MfDTsB56ybY7V+6ivmDtZuQrKZ6ht+0x0ukCBLXhuO6c9utHZj7TJXZJoRP9lgZ8wa7fa1Owip3mr9pr2QXx9DSGj7YpH1soN6nlwjcsXw7YZhOYejYaIKMVgWTJW2WCzWpzxotJp9hZ3FRiZv3uOBfMt5dqd/8YmApH45/YTw25DgzBJhzPbI/EVRz31Ka1XB+zLtd1q2heyTrVCUblDDr0L400eOVHiaNDYoKn9P2QkR/xTa0fcjPuEVnxryhAU5m2TGNLhOs8kd1/o6wahoRLG2fWwFCsUd6UbRUs7bZsSGvYMPWpiK4zumIFWOdlS2g+QX1DF38eeDZ1bTAFJ0EBiETXanZNGTM34zIThxEfDFqo2tWfFsIFMt/92PrinpYrAuFq5P3YxGLrOUzSQQ/0cR+O+f5gLBhSJDlBg39mbeX5z4OMWQGe8TjajxprUliPmlZz3HmwZeKGsl8dt2kzLlwEnEi/ioYhsPQxTP+BYqZTjjFGYDi0uXPO5YSYPBFMyn0RmZNz4ZhnzJJoO8iBZJFNky1o+4CsgPOB98Z+GQxiNJwLTb7qAM+sR8MrVy++rJGy97VKzk1wt6XDuuEegjgTG5JyJWHR+FPI1LW6AlJqRGqnR1R0bWc6MiVF6v0Hiv2ZDj5+JFfpLqWbYASDTug4onCX5wGrRC9lg5heO5PWDnh+Ur6pzxkhGlvnagIRBSI9Yj6YszxZeXYbOOk5hWYIB6RL9XxamOYs1AI8N7A5Mm1BsyZhn/86uK2Z8W4fDQnCmlF2ApkdyjFQYhvdJ1yP0ReOuPeg3TAXOYwbDera1d+s3LrfczJp07DPwCQu7FraoDJTCkY0pFJ/JbT8ru5NbcvxG/dBgrT/K6KFDrFc8EVTgXSNDYiqISE07Ywz1FgJ7Ea5QoEWLvQl736bwkF+UrKj43m/N1uJdLpNaz1JzRaNrhaerkoezNf8hJ87+YZCBat46TQCsTgZsfu4LVbNAHmwIMj5L4vpcs+M59MQwQguFMt/gSwZKdyZvaZggblDFQbSxrl9+hSnrRYP3+8FeYDj4/KZUfd1LtiD4JZsrUJN9JiqRNMbXbqRRw1TU9HYRUnrg1lx+nnsyid6H5d1e8LcTQDQzAik7Vw2sZlFrm4pB88ULE4m6a0fmFtn4GjEpQ0SUh49oGU6yDnB71t4XkVF/ZDBjoXFzWHbF3YfVaZUAGZX2aSylkxa34XGAnyhU+DaOzvo6nquu7aQbuyTUfQgynK0CU/335UW5/7h4jQptao83qA9V+Fhz+gdBVNFwO3+1qkNo61XrlWLUWeer4n5MoSa0s2NY4GXzf9TJSchRGl5HWEJ4hYXZ66d8ArnEFYcggYtLTCcJ5hrfL/e5h5+YJmJa96o3Z23o8uK8qJmJDmD1mquuZ0bg45q35dXzS+X6qm5+pDKjFY0vCYi33/9rOfIEyymejpWMNJKZk919EeaRvacbkGzTmWJUHmPlwZC7r9pW7a7EWF7bzHSCHnCe1ZGQFurdiYCKywlMTTe9kDXXA4OACZinq6iBhEP68s/TPGezGI2kKblM0ca/nY2V6F/iTWgthZ63OBAm5hJhK5FmDU+f+DnQe3g3M3QrkiV2sEbqwc6vXaxza17pfGjT/QTE5ZGw3jVkQl0hiMWvHs2TnA5Tetc3NvhBS84Cl46TifCoele1wkul36UTZ2m6qBIjn3v6HevUXpDLxKmZ8LlFt7clWsKM5rKkIICA0sHstG1cgZQR2kZc3OwklLY6//dGgeJhTKf7PGrtPQ7UsXQBazA8v5pS1FFA90iGNAXY6j4IDiLx0aEFg96f6sQ7eNaqX4Pc6ffN4hrf5fRtFk1FmmG5Y1oJqoAgnLrxj/qtGLeihaM5DMLcET4qYwXg3zLJL0V3MzsSMgz9KS/aGT2AsPd5khJofmd1/VsOtclVAFzyKbfPFZzOR7ADPtx241VyOh0k17KpBxRmDhjDCGoyPwGVk2gfulg4yW03v2Piv6tr4ywRJbhyofLih1hq8sn7SXC5OA+Qu0dq/XhpMO7+YYpN1h3ZHdFJKf5jpvNSyhUXnXj1WXhnY8HjHtcWtPdAgUecNww/VSQaIfPUTd2B9iI2Q2qYgWqrLu4kVw8hY+vBVm5AKFdulHsiJrczRFYP0w2N6WFOeINFY9/wQH5GS3clqTdPFfpH+7ee7psWbjCPK+lCRlGDOcjh7yFKXCDXRKPnEnVV54sI4All07Bn/q4pjeNpsUZzFBJqgNxhim3Q5JPNXddHqFSvIB+lDst7Qzy/vZcMsSczwQz/0EAtwlQZq8raBYiMP6UA5rPMmYTz/+ovY9Pmf2UfHb1I3ydvY85Z5h+QyUZZinUn9iH8bNrd8KCA/Vk+3dwHVqCzv1hcByz6wQafB3FXu+NgDRA7CN2aXfwageLCP+aQepZRe1ZZp1uCtzE4nC4U9KM98Ltw1thJRP2qcLTpKUjZujD5TUUIg/f9OEjg3sULke/h6E6j+x8YWwJyzWl+q7/bV9AGvksjM9U2QxJg6+lp8DfIW4OWnXCjbtpNiNeSBZ1fJZsQ9mM4uih3eLpkfqat/5dtkPP2VfYUs2Z1Z1eUmwuSn55LmH1OgBdrHgzVShjXH3xjdFqx2GRgz+rWv6WXnBXWIKBX6PKLTC4cXwPF7q7QxFIPVSasuZW3WVDIadmtuEWTwEGP9PFNYZxNrbvEC1Ny0GkKj8SiMJ0gtS9b9y5lrU5yOi7TyrUxVlcB2suJ+bb4OUkrNw9FGdRF7oNj+N3LRA5pwM4SDWtRLv3RYx4sL+N7LvY5o7mbFHLkoaoU0O6ddcq2nmbzYm4Q7sABKaSPUNSje9FOW6pzI22VxYYdm6N2seiYPu+x1FndYlD+UvDdIYozBqM/GfF2HVpnmuf3LConITu0jFW/8oir6oXuQsVB7FhrXWgoBkDQXS1Dy9nIYREXPoluIQd/kwnWBMj7FDDrOwlFS/zXAajSx1YLUEYGRsNrkaqR2P2wTkQog94woJov12kWjG4IdC4XQxCLDQb8pz3Lh5SDp4+hz2HMG5g/VyJ4qenk082YUOitZQR5+WoSoEG2YdCtXVEMlBdLzPA8sxPeUA8i23+qr6JrZDl2WsBmBL4HLHhAa5yoHdUSiv4DcSf/wRksr9SZBbcxfaq3EpjPSdrGpbhwdNBAUrr5NriqP2yGb2PFrVVliFnO0nivoPY6pR/DNQr0xugE82tFgdnmSt3/IjqDDeSYVPL4vgFA2oT+L4jWIQAEkEA6KFIp459XkxV7p5ti9x/ra6uZnZsneB5gP5HaO5HYLZfs6H7T9R1dZeHN0UrQtBx6O7yeml6s5wDIq3AYtT4LCXRBxD98kxR0SggFLBUUhvB4VS3A+LfR70RHI36n2MNR8OJvrPrNblSCtfYRyrAHKF41e2F74dd+bb6sYeHHVUq3r/2UrF3spsY7Gcewm2UkwFway245rLCErpRO2v6/pRznzww7uXxCaSLANQT9Yj7nKtBgij2HUttUVBQVqMu4bt9PLDDx1Aa+bbk+ir5SK3sh3hHpDPtosf5EfylLaF2sC9w9kVtrOBSoIf4FHRmV7QQwfbN9nPm0hEPyvQQibbI+3WxyVYudi0m4w+JCUuAETVrPEGKnuFCQYHYnF4/+pTxtuCy0/S8CHRjW5bIqtcXXqXQysz8mLqoJ/EEWfn2bMo21GZmrquFgQvl2gj3/3hJW6dI5UF6LGj1f2F8KYv50u/px4P9QvWfaygTSJCNtSjyfGolXs40Y5rAKJuOUsOGRrT6e6BeeFu9nkQsjDyKsoh2RLCB9Zgrp2tq5hUT0uyoR2r914ImRpoR27F+lQlbVwnIy7xaPf90d/Xciep5S0uRMiHLsTBzBcRdnEF7v4Q2V2ruVW73+ixyJ6DtUaPxKVhKCWF47AAMFfehRJkm8yy68WokPua8sX7B2+C1PW5o5JAZPgjyMv74CYzGUM2Q6KUPfFzz4bty2mo0bZGJRaxpqUAXIZdxZ15LfwcUgQ7vFpCfN2e+nqgIm16qVcllmxe2EnI+2rkzUM07ef+sJaM6hb4Ooojs8NEh9q4hMroEZwXWrlN2QnzRcV3Mu0ED6iJiG+jGTcu7uiKUuoYmb+RyiJdiS/JBF8RsslWnBIwFvKXyOzA9mdRSEWEwKcH0BT6sF+7ul/ictXKqLVB2ZlfxApWd/ooQn2bx1LC51Pdap4jLf0bSqkUWHjK9eog4xOsEb5ya+XCymBEuPzh+meKALROA3/ggPN7cpRdhOquZTaoNhw+M6tsGd/ZJKDv7EJUphWcsRrh9GbrDrrQZ7/h6+smJB7bSUqNqOuBagT2FSB7XeHqt01ZA2R9JERKTP9Xuxl46ClZkXfrkc+OQG09SpcUiny5DqH+m6n70nm31BIarZ2DkgS/EXWABP9TsvjGWg8NLb5AN7ZeZmK145FCjjSuXvgtRMT3VTgF8SjRBp3VB1I8fUNVkblrIGsVPpzqZyuQOq1q/rp7mh/OgwSWl1eZdlHRK+3N0S1YwCEq8tpBmXtIk0U5Azs1pME+jOSgv6IV3lFJMM2036qWOCeWpJXI8mhOmAJHVstq2q/mhIL025pLAlBPcY9MSzO6VJ7If9uHPATj6w+QCzcE+NxTQXC0lF7cStM78WpxH0IXgIfLUpj+Aa4yV3isby5GKKyu6fdL6LKjUw7wUxoy28MdQwqh91o2vUpZRolMaPqhQuSyFhPu3Cr4cYP6BFOLCR1KIiQW1B9YCiRAf081kUWb2adx/FBqviqfNlnMO2RxomYbTtmMfu1zJi21Ah919AeezqVibJaFC9A+F1OXNgiI+1d1BGZEUGvyiux2wNQY8LfzmBJqJVRKsRx5zA01rKxxH/XuKJ6gPZfzpbzT5teCQ6kTvz6yXRp+cwtf94mjEmrQxiHANoI//YwkbHNU1qcuPZ93ktnujJZOqtIdEv7Bi2kVFPGvA2bplizuvuxqgeHx5BEb1BqN5XtunP5oXvuIuagWm+/V7nhI8HZfR2JxrWn9hkZtpGMC4MqCpfL27rkhRAp9KoLPj3caRowtJ6ChJyYkloeg1bNGW4ZaVNrdlFOQpepgBFTNn+vsO8qu5VdLaShNkapnb+LQ4deeQ81fEbfcmDLRoYKHY4AoDJIj9pqunL7/wOHnLXWsdmqpdIEqAoBRKDqUWAQ+6Jbyn2f1h10MhVxRO8nVOafOIAR5OmKR7jZmMQCD6PZhZaYgQ4sMXQxYbWcCvwDE/RH9AdaIaoI+G7LdBqXvU97aq5tyNsHvoiwoM4qao/zoAEA85AqrfNBPX+JivB1QQFb0wb3+yrC7Qecd02oa0UOEAz/wr94XbEl13XD9PDy77GrQtzx+N7F8AN6lpxUARh6rqk8/tznEk+SEhRaA1zfMkcs40DuJB/rjEJOcbd2OUpzL3oUjllHZBSTaOtx/tYf0IkA+bdJcWnSWHvrhBGCRhGgL3ekyNjYsQ+ReunszoHiBrKzRxsnOORODjHllphDMlKqHnp5OexqAVkiLaidIuw1OMC3+m/5u6rfu1Lra7cDh1ZCNZYcK62vI1swPGDmFhMvMO2WRG2iwpRqGjH+LlAiasj/SbCqsHJH58TiSYJjzl4EjguySDr75UumqHof+C16IMk88l7BgJXz0wr3hfmIfRZS44MtqFGxpGNdNIHgzbBA4Vaqs6sDoh9bhD9XhnwF1FEjrabyV8dhf/yjuwEBspi3dfA6diSj+zq9WqbMvlpVyBg/HjZPEvVIwYy87ikFfxZPpS4TvHRJRihbn7KoLJc9K0z1Hofyg0QYCiD16j5UWIPaxdsnL9C8V4GVUiT2WxZyaQ/TUg8/MhYGcvkiYcQeaaWD5zRAL0yhV+bR+S+ntBxGHAXC5FUmsx44PEWMXk9r9RGRPhfPQSgoI0P3BwIA61kRax6RsuUOABNELRcUSfIrSpj5GnYnwbP8AOIQigDr890THr+qGsmLbQRaDYWkrImfdoG/YczQuBfpFTrx2Slq8pnwzz+oybb7H1tvl3ilT1QwupuGAjU/kNA/zxyXMNueVWbJrMcVUUxUKIW48Pm0Q0cKI05cBY9n5Ro5W+idiCqO0d3RcWyk1v4wd44Ja7yzKZn9/kic+6PrDImGdCqCVpb82g8V6oBTwqSvrtAGqzeju6yruxrmWjixsGi48ZDrDmfTa3UZRakKpgZ6HSoJpn8rYVhQtFPHV8tw4ABjbAVnHuT0mB9bGob470kF67MzIilHWAm7dbM6G5FLsllQQaWC7grsT1kx73ueKR7XW5ea497EQrfrtG6JkWfLuAFPXV+/3la3Nd/hcSnPBcr4f7fvEqa/7/qiHpmkaHnp5tMjDfQAOcOR8QlGkHjL8TsgXtvHKYmz0aqNQEouitU81ZB1WvP1cZzSNda8MioSSnDxOcUu92DJZBPU3YihV+Rfh2eqzFfoHdA1ofGHIcV4lnDGJ39FkROWkhze00lt3CFtz445K/CTA19zRtovtqTuPE7RtydAns7xPmRCYcIhyalW1OxxY8x6ccaFYA7UCE/zxEHjdBeGuf5h749aXazffC9fb7pDoF8uVbtKQ9SeDmztD7Vvl4U8bj73cvGjjmhFZbOV/Z5crRx8NRuv8fPzXbGFLc3lMEkJaX/oUpc14ngs7ny9m8P9/0ZLEdbrC8UXwMQRGteTdxfRqU1vBaHeQE7kFY5zkSPmNDLEZB9zd5OPUAZ9ai8K3srR2TwL/erX/6cNMTBrGnRwrjSEADefCMi7lMqZgSn4Q+tY5XLjd6MXuudWDmS53i33jqHZHQTAmwCYAoZNp/FEKiv5N35PZO2Nn75xtToJxvtu7z8lq4MoZP84XnBNmMSCOd4srdI+OsHc6OSOTzibvPSv1VRGfppUa/12aeACl0xnXEoSspNJ3G4wtOXCvzFIEdMZCreaxX9zw7cJmNPLsRwuhbjg4i2QgIFDQq4iJI3E2qAMwXk+r9d12pIeKaYgt5B2AvBoKLz9Vjo8jsqYqp5uInel7huqygn0ce9PDMNGUOdQWtmGsBvMVP98TniU/ZTdazcrcDnxO+kGCxZ/AYkOuHv3Xqnw2FviMv57BejEJJ/gOyttlLXO0PqMSQicArfwz8b7prJ6Vs+AAKZM/Kp8hmDpIpa4I0LctQkRK9bzPeGfVXlEHKwtqagyl/MRWVV58icSzrhMw/WjVpcmfjIkfT51IIuZjDIsiXaby09Mp88vVbEyFcyLCRPFrD7LKjbIUJl3R3kcPSPIepQYAMaR7H+bXqaWKAYI1+J27pOGUHi7TdXI+VZKgLl5HBKk3hYMWeFCIICXGP8T7fwYg2NHWT8XtHeYRkVTYt2CH2kAfJt+3M5DXh4NUnQPIgvEneRgLrkwwhX7WO7EbLQsQUfOAfhBJ4eg/SG+HUPHNjnJejfgKIyahCXU8LGwhgpQihAyofNFyoFf9k+oGG+cSS5K7g1UViakuJ3MOveOymPNZEZTLtcHP38eHK0ILAc7BcuMZAE4qVQB1OM5k+gvvO59yxwXysqR5Mjm/HeuamNvDwwDrBE/3CFWmrRpiRRyrkyAzdNubPclFagOKiLnamQUyCflQ9pFiPGRUkF7ThOm98zC3KHsjzovTKVjm+il31Rp9aN4YSMwkZ9RGL18XtVIrL0O/xDWPZP9x34RMU82RsSBUVPcGCHiPp6EzaB7pa5t1Ga6z/BvcTK0Jh0OU8aTIfV1BsgoHPpvtUQy7nK7jFIfBGEZLE0oQZAmadhCo7N3RiTfs111z3GVgP0T50wLgaHVMskqmxJoKJYW0VMpwgnWop1NqwjJ1JbmRpLzAOXEs5namcXyjVQN5gIkLY8BDpaWPR2DFH40WFKGvzzUOAaklUT97FPMiKsqe82dLcHNA9QTp1W4fd2gtI64xz8cSlWog6YSHYpdw/kxdhFWaSyZnpXcjKuhfnvBwOYdLve9qTpqq15jTUDpz+fCUGoKjKVbCmMaBPkUXocvOlJIi8ioV/iRo8LKXHvMtjIxZVCDgDPqV89pzxC2WUsO6EeCWgY1xN617SGvJ+azJ3LXgxPcDKV2EhFRSMMoiRu6DWetyguvmbEB1ruSs+TK8b3w89SGcbuHe93b6h02r7lnPc1JfuecjeSLaQaZKVrbUZ+dYurKmiZNgrzgdVf2uA7w1iwT+7rKLAohznL53WZGuMpT48bpXJF0jVNMeYsOeV5w+Fi5o6Ckfrq75uNpKK2PuWsePbq+A5pBDCTmJxKue/qu+uvN2PqwmX5ScPmcD93BelZIIQZT7TsszZTJOr7qYmkPKP4HbFnBFdVk80uPsNhkuqiehyPcoTBdE83vaS7lVnhBetOVishemJm4ew4P9ZjVRmqRXNYmwK3NcktzmewhIMiFZ4fMx1k5JW3/h0uAEtioHloQgmtQ+oBoKXQB6zsiCkslgzL91KcLNsDdLXyt5jXSTAL5PWceZbnL/aVoBS5Spe+IWsuTcZpcaC0jlYr9wsvrz+K1EtP07ooSN55WN0415yMDwM6L74wbv1rFao4lg==
PRIVATE
* 03/07/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am and was on 24HHP seed by 5:45am. Took several hours to
complete. 29814 out of 86400 (34%) seed. Still need more
strategies. XKCD, comics, art, symbols, numbers, OEIS.org.

I think OEIS and xkcd are good next ones. Then mobile, extension,
developer account.

Reviewed code and debugged a few things with the team today.

Dinner with Simon. Mariana went to her friend Lexi's birthday.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/06/2023
** Summary

We went to Idyllwild this weekend for our 1 year wedding
anniversary. Great time. Some nerves when we thought we were going to
get stuck in the snow. I forgot to bring chains. We had mentioned it
but it wasn't on my checklist so I forgot. Thankfull we didn't need
them. Road was plowed enough not to.

Had three sessions in the hot tub, went into town for lunch and to
walk around the snow with Leche. Watched The Fablemans. Had to take a
different route on the way home since there was an accident.

New personal practice I'm excited for. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/05/2023
* 03/04/2023
* 03/03/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/02/2023
** Summary

It's 11:30pm and I'm tired so I'll be quick. Woke up at 5am, was on
treadmill by 5:45 with the wiki seed. Got it to a good state though
only 2K images were resolved. 90% drop from what I thought. Will try
again after unsplash.

For TT: got the realtime database security solution known. It worked
in testing but something broke in my deploy. Will fix that tomorrow.

Mariana's gift was delayed so had to pull an audible and make it
tonight (hence staying up late). Nearly done, will finish in the
morning.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 03/01/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 12:30am from Leche. She did a low bark to wake me up
because she noticed I was having a bad dream. Good girl. I let her out
to drink water.

Woke up at 5am and started wiki images by 5:45. Had redirects wrong
but fixed after work and will run again tomorrow morning. SL workout
at 7:30am. Lowered squat, bench and bb row weight to get form
perfect. Felt great. Deep squat is the way to go, harder but more
confident lift

It's a new month, so Leche got her new bone. Mariana gave it to her
before work.

Lots of small tasks today. Confirmed push notifications works, delete
api, sort reactions, watched reactions, sort with watch,
cors. Tomorrow will be db security them ffmpeg tuning.

Went to Simpang for dinner with Mariana. We ate inside, super cold
outside.

Going to bed now. Had about an hour of wasting time online just now
before bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/28/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am, made hot cacao and started 24HHP seed by
6:15am. Tomorrow, after another seed round, i'll create a rendering of
the heatmap. Every day I want to know how much of the day has unique
content on it. Unique content keeps people interested. Also, time to
center the square and make it look good in mobile too.

TT work: booked flights for offsite, push notifications, genericReport
API, terms, privacy, copyright pages, delete from realtime
db. Tomorrow I'll work on a security backlog ticket. Product looking
good.

Leche got a big bath today. She looks like a giant marshmallow after
her hair dries out all fluffy. Great dog.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/27/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am and seeded more on 24HHP. APOD will be another good
source. SL at 7:30am. Going to deload the squat and deadlift. Deadlift
was zilcho today. Squat was 5x5 but my form is weak, so dropping to
keep it on point.

Smoke test and worked on push notifications today. App looks
good. Polish will take another two weeks I guess (end of next week).

Mariana took her exam today. They didn't give her her test results
after the exam and said it might take one week to hear. That drove her
nuts and she had a temper all evening. Got pissed at me because I
missed her texts that she was at the house without key. We went to
Home Depot later to copy my key since she lost hers.

Started watching "All Quiet On The Western Front" but she got bored
and took a bath. Going to bed now before the movie is over.

Tomorrow will look into APOD seed strategy.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/26/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 6am and made change in logs to calculate conversion
rate. Another stranger posted today. Would be good to get the webcam
up sooner. Also log mobile vs desktop in publish log.

Read some more Influence. Long walk with Mariana and Leche. We found
three tennis balls on our walk. Leche had a blast.

Mariana relaxed and didn't study most of the day which is good.

Seeded some more content on 24HHP and want to add more wikipedia
links. Depthsofwikipedia might be good too. Really some daily rhythm
of compelling content. Archive of the internet, etc.

Going to bed. Might read. Might watch hbo.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/25/2023
** Summary

Woke up late, stronglifts by 9am. Went to grocery store, planned
anniversary weekend. Raining super hard all day.

<<PRIVATE
f3cd063e5b8ae7b8kYFlUAYwLVvVPJwnnbLvGdS8b6wBnrWcSm0JY5/uATmAfKHa6fvu4mAHIx3l/OBq
PRIVATE
* 02/24/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am and was prototyping an idea for rendering twitter cards
for publishing. A simple version is doable: user image + text links to
OG tweet. Tweets seem like a 1 time thing, not to be repeated much. It
would be better if it were automated. I like something, it gets
posted.

For TT, I got the blur compose working, initial stripe integration and
the device registration. Also a few chats with the team. One bug we
should fix but maybe James has it?

More anon posting on 24HHP without my explicit marketing efforts. No
sales yet. I should modify the daily stats to exclude any content that
I add so I get a better sense of conversion rate.

After work spent some time reading the source code for qr-image, a
dependency free qr code renderer in JS. Spent some time prototyping
with chatgpt a simple plotting tool to run on cloudflare workers but
lots of issues. Need to look into a bitmap or wasm solution not a
canvas solution.

Why this rabit hole? I want daily or weekly graphs rendered of
progress toward a goal. Something like github's weekly charts is
simple enough to do (it's a 2D matrix with each cell having like 4
bits) but timeseries might be nice. Also its cool...and I think i'm
letting that seduce me. Unless it unblocks growing 24HHP, it's not the
important thing so I should note it for fun projects in the
future. The small feature I want is to use it to build in public: this
is how many people came to my website yesterday, this week, etc. A
simple graph would be great. I just found asciichart which claims to
be a dependency free plotting lib.

Reading a bit of it before bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/23/2023
** Summary

Long day. Woke up at 5am. Song categorization for seeding. Pretty fun
project but I'm wondering how to keep it interesting for the
viewer. The 900 images have some narrative elements too. As in 1 frame
for most songs but then you'll see flashes of stop motion for a really
good track.

Stronglift at 7:30am. Failed the deadlift. Stopped when I felt like I
herniated something in lower ab. No bueno. Maybe wear belt next
time. One more failed lift and I drop the weight. When I drop the
weight I can increase the reps.

Wolfram was let go today. Finished up the web client and shared it
with the team.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/22/2023
** Summary

I woke up at 5am today and was ready finishing up the seed cutover by
5:30am. Ran the first migration (earthday) and waited for the evening
to run the second.

Paired with Wolfram on the the reaction client. Going to rewrite some
of it with the react-webcam library I referenced earlier which handles
cropping unlike the shared implementation.

Lunch: potato + tofu over rice with chili giner soy sauce
Dinner: tofu sandwich

Long day tomorrow. Going to bed now

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/21/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am and was on a focusmate call by 6am. Started data entry
for 24HHP seed content of creative ads I made in the past. Lots of
great ones. One idea on how to grow: seed a 15minute section of the
day with some of my favorite music. 15min at 60fps means a 15s video
clip which is probably pretty good to run on LinkedIn, Twitter and
Tiktok.

Backend glue for project Radiohead is nearly done. One more render to
create in the compose function. Adding this to the web client will
give the most leverage...so I should do that first thing work tomorrow.

No play with Leche today but took her on several walks. She got to see
a few dog friends on those walks.

Made a soup for lunch with Mariana and ate it for dinner too. Made
hummus from canned chickpeas and tahini sauce. Delicious. Ate it over
the walnut raisin bread Elle and Sam gave us. I thought maybe it gave
me the allergy spell the other day but I don't think so anymore. I
think inflamed sinuses from that night. Zyrtec again tonight.

A few more hours left on the seed migration plan. Then to write the
script to seed it. Then to work on the other seed content plans. Slow
and steady.

It occurred to me that the Safari extension isn't super
important...but it also feels like one of those "no excuses"
tasks. All major browsers get it. Also I just need to distribute it
and test it in a given 1 hour session. Works as expected.

Twitter accountability system seems good. Beeminder should suffice. 2
tweets per day.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 02/20/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 6am and was sneezing all day. Slept with sweater and pants
on so thinking it was that...but that's odd. Also didn't take an
antihystamine before sleep. Also had a slice of wheat bread from Sam
and Elle. Those are the variables. Anyway, I was incapcitated for much
of the day. Maybe my body's way of saying take a rest? Took a nap and
had lots of hot liquids (ginger, lemon tea, hot soup, two hot cacaos)

Got the sprite sheets rendering and a 24min movie. All scripts
running. Should setup sync script based on several since dates.

Another new stranger on 24HHP. Makes sense to mindfully schedule
tweets. Exposure and hooks: create content that encourages people to
visit 24HHP. The 24Min video is one. Maybe even better if you see it
in segments of interesting 10s (10min @ 60fps) sections as tiktok ad?

Once the safari extension and mobile client are written and probably
before, the daily task is to talk about it publicly every day. Create
interesting stories on it.

Going to bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/19/2023
** Summary
Long but great day. Woke up at 6am. Hot cacao. SL at 7am. Big squat,
failed deadlift.

Took Leche for a walk and played with her in the drive way a few
times. Chatted with neighbors for a bit. Less next time. Had a fruit
smoothy for lunch and drank it in the sun before big palm tree blocked
the light.

Laid on the grass for a bit. Leche at my feet.

Backups, indexes and spritesheet preparation for widget. That will be
focus soon...but seeding content is more important.

First random free user today! No marketing either. Just an organic
hit. Still need to figure out why custom GA events aren't
tracking. Intermittent CORS errors from CF worker host which is
bizarre. The OPTIONS request comes through fine but the PUT
fails. They both use the same middleware. It looks like the worker
never gets it all and its a CDN issue with CF workers. Nothing in
logs. Attached to a domain name in hopes of it going away. Will try to
trap it in the morning.

Tomorrow will be fun music seeding and content creation planning.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/18/2023
** Summary
Great day. Woke up at 5am and fixed the analytics reporting issue (csp
nonce). Solid focus on 24HHP, backups, seed content (not full
strategy), google vision. More tomorrow.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/17/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am and was working by 5:15am. Went until 7am. Firefox
extension approved. Form validation is a little better, not perfect
but solid.

Strong lift 5x5 by 7am. Felt super good all day because of it. Deep
squat.

TT work: got the heartbeat system setup. Still needs some glue on
Tuesday then I'll help the team integrate in the clients. Tight
deadline.

Left over burrito for lunch with chips and bean salad I made the other
day. Two cold mint matte tea drinks in the day. Vibe was great for a
while. Got really tired around 8pm when Mariana started her
workout. Ordered Cava for dinner as a treat for her. Walked Leche in
the evening and ran into Elle and Ziggy. We ran into Zucchini and her
owner Hallie too. Ziggy gave his usual staredown even though Zucchini
was being really sweet.

Some construction going on across the street. Looks like they are
fixing or installing a new pipe into a the building. A crew of a dozen
or so people for most of the day.

Wiped. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/16/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am. Leche was restless from 5 until 9am. Took her out 4
times. She pooped once and was just kinda restless. Other dogs were
awake at 5:30am too. Strange to see in the neighborhood.

Got the composition working in firebase. Looks decent but need to get
aspect ratios set tomorrow. Still need to figure out the heartbeat
system. It'll be based on those streamed updates which can serve as
the chunk updater and heartbeat. How do we poll those? When new chunk,
wait Ns for a new chunk, if exists, break, else render. Could be
expensive in firebase though

Burritos for dinner with Mariana from the Bennys tacos place around
the corner. Burrito was rolled with no love. Hardly stayed together.

Leche's incident this morning through off my focus so didn't fix the
form validation but will test again in the morning. Don't overthink
it: Keep publish button enabled and validate form on press, show
errors.

Firefox and Safari extensions for 24HHP are easier than I
thought. Submitted the FF extension for review. Safari requires a
developer account I think. Probably best to launch that with a mobile
widget app. The big issue there is memory. Mobile widget resources
need to stay under 16MB (heresay) so might make sense to render
nightly bitmaps. Dust off the original implementation's code.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/15/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am and on treadmill by 6am. Sluggish because I was in deep
dream when alarm went off. Before work: finished the 24HHP cutover. A
few UX bugs to fix now that it's on prod. Getting the tomorrow morning.

SL at 7:30am. Staying on my previous squat weight (190lbs) so I can be
sure to break parallel. Will probably keep at that weight and continue
to go deeper before adding another 5. Slow and steady. Deadlift felt
good too.

Got ffmpeg compiling webcam stream in firebase. The team synced on the
work left to do. Chat with James, Albert and Wolfram
independently. Good flow.

Made a cucumber salad for dinner. Lots of bloating lately. So many
vegetables. Maybe something like mashed potatoes would be good. Or
just simple soups.

Tomorrow morning will fix that UX form validation and spend some time
organizing the launch plans. April 1st might be a great day for launch.

Going to bed now. Reading Influence some more before shut eye.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/14/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am. On treadmill for migration by 6am. Started production
24hhp migration. R2 copy took the longest but in a good state for
cutover tomorrow.

Worked on the live streaming problem. Got a prototype rendered on
frontend. Figure out how to mux the seconds on the backend. Firebase
extensions are closed source.

Made valentine's day dinner for Mariana. Pasta, salmon and brussel
sprouts. I had pasta and sprouts.

She did 5x5 after dinner. Leche had a little diarhea so I'm making her
rice before going to bed and reading Influence some more


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/13/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am didn't start working until 6:15am. Rough landing, was
still sleeping and went mindlessly to youtube. Got GA setup and fixed
a heatmap issue.

7:30am SL. Going to stay on my squat weight and focus on deep
squat. While I did 5x5, I recorded some squats to view the form and
wasn't proud of it. Do it again.

Clarity on the new product with the team. Updated the createClip API
and prototyped the live response. Will finish that tomorrow. Need to
figure out how to trap realtime connection closed.

Making pasta and salmon for Mariana tomorrow. Bought Leche new food
and played fetch in the house with her. Our neighbor Chris detailed a
history of Egypt.

Caught up with Elle and Sam just now as they walked Ziggy. Lil Miles
is 9lbs and life is good.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/12/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 6am. Lots of small wins today. Monthly finance report
format looks good. New tagline for 24HHP which captures the new
spirit. Growth ideas gestating: have fun making stuff only

It was pretty fun making all those gifs for people I found online. It
was pretty taxing to drop it all at once like a bomb. Maybe better to
give them out as I make them?

Some way to stay accountable to the rhythm? Get perfectly clear goal
understood. Focus.

Played ping pong with Nate when he and Melissa came over. They were
saying hi to their friend in WeHo who flew in from Australia.

Fun to play ping pong with Nate. We used to play all the time my
freshmen year. Good times.

Laundry today, made the office bed. Mariana did her workout after her
studies which went pretty late. Chopped pears and oranges and grapes
to make a big fruit bowl. Soaked yellow split peas and slow cookered
them with potatoes and carrots. Ate with rice. As snack, made
guacamole with two avocados and chips we got from Naoum's.

Not much playing with Leche today other than 4 walks. More throw and
run time after the new gate is installed.

Nearly ready to deploy production 24HHP and do the cutover. End of
week. Clear focus on the goal: traffic increases every day, more
people post, more people buy.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/11/2023
** Summary

Had a great morning. Woke up at 5am, prepared paper work for sale of
truck. Got it Smogged (will live for 90 days so now truck must be
sold) and washed. Back home for quick shower, Leche walk and feed her
before heading to Chase bank to sell the truck.

Sale fo the truck fell through yesterday. Guy ghosted us. No
word. Mariana and I went for breakfast at the croissant place.

Laundry and 24HHP for the rest of the day. We watched Scream last
night which Mariana enjoyed. A scary movie she couldn't guess the
ending of! I don't remember if the other ones are as good. Maybe we'll
watch them.

Nate and Melissa are watch Superbowl at their friends house in our
neighborhood. Might come by to play ping pong for a bit

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/10/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/09/2023
** Summary

Good day. Woke up at 5am. Super groggy from lack of sleep the night
before. Restless I think because Mariana was reading in bed for
hours. Leche slept in her crate.

Daily stats API up. SL workout at 7am.

Standup then synced with James at 10. Shared firebase scaffold with
the team. Create and verify user APIs are up. Going to get the
responses one next. Whole app might be done by next week.

Late lunch of lentils, potates, spinach. Delicious. In the evening I
ate a yellow mango skin on. This is the way. Seriously, as long as its
not a poison mango it makes the fruit so much more aproachable. No
knives, delicious skin. Like eating a kiwi.

Thai food in our neighborhood for dinner. Been burping up the oily
fried rice I ordered. Friggen gross. Had eaten so well today too.

Mariana made an awesome bowl from her stool concept (that broke). It
looks like the CMB. Weighs 7lbs (before glazing / firing?). Awesome.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/08/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am, 24HHP by 6am. Worked on the email templates and growth
loops there.

Got direction on what we're building. Synced with Wolfram and James
about tasks left. Divided. Refreshed my memory on firebase API and got
scaffold. Will write main APIs tomorrow (not push notifications)

Kambrie said they're installing a gated fence in driveway. Need to
make sure the gate is less than 8'3" wide so the trailer can be
dragged out when sold.

Bedtime.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/07/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am. Super tired. Had a caffeinated drink around 6pm last
night thinking I would do more 24HP work but didn't do much and then
was just alert until what felt like 1am.

Workout at 7am. From 6-7am formatted the tweets section. Tomorrow will
make bigger lift by capturing email, notifying user when it leaves,
installing google analytics and setting up daily metrics (no graphs
although it is a cool problem)

Met someone who was going to buy Mariana's bike but he chickened out
after staring at it for 10min. Lame ass. He had all the info and
wanted to haggle after we agreed on price.

Mariana's workout after work. Solid hour. Some nit picking from us
about about whether SRK owns the properties they manage. I think there
are more than just two owners, like an investment vehicle for many
parties.

Friggen wiped. Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 02/06/2023
** Summary

Good day. 24HHP is almost ready for re-deploy. Inspiring chat with Dad
at 8am. Truck guy agreed to buy the truck on Saturday. Someone agreed
to buy trailer next week.

Got IAP semi prototyped for TT.

Matthew stayed with us last night because he had a work photoshoot at
7am in East LA. Really good to hang out for a bit.

Pretty excited for the next few months.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

* 02/05/2023
** Summary

* 02/04/2023
** Summary

Have been in TJ since Wednesday night (02/01/2023) and haven't been
updating these notes. Here are some notable events of the last few
days.

Drove down to TJ late Wednesday night. Made mint and mate tea for the
drive down. Enough to keep me awake but honestly not much. Slept like
a rock. Brought barbell and weights with us to do our SL workout in
the mornings.

Continued UX research with the team and presented on Friday. Figured
out how NGL link does the authless signup.

Waking up at 5am is incredible. Even on the off days where it takes
longer to get clear mind, it's great. I suspect I can get that fast
and more reliable every day.

Have e2e tests for 24HHP and am working on making iphone publish
smooth. Once that's done, will get e2e purchase flows tested then get
the emails formatted. Final bit is administrative tools to get my
daily rhythm going.

Watch Babylon with Maru last night. Entertaining but a strange montage
ending I felt was unnecessary and broke the flow.

Potato tacos today that Maru made. Delicious. Tomorrow, waking up for
SL and heading back home earlier around noon.

* 02/03/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/02/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 02/01/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/31/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/30/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am, started 24HHP migration.
StrongLifts at 7:30am.
Worked on the Sup research deck
StrongLifts with Mariana at 7pm.

* 01/29/2023
** Summary
Long weekend.

Watched The Whale last night and opened up some big
conversations. Today I did chores from 11am to 8pm.

Going to bed now.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/28/2023
* 01/27/2023
** Summary
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/26/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am, on treadmill by 6:15am. Didn't get restful sleep I
feel. Mariana was on phone for a bit and maybe the peanut butter I had
before bed kept me up? Doubt it, but was kinda restless.

Stronglift by 7:30am. Need to be more conscious of the squat
form. Break parallel. OHP went to failure. Around the sam weight I was
at last time I was doing SL consistently: 105lb.

Meeting with Billy at 11am. Added more to demo for tomorrow. Before
the pitch I'll rework some of the slides.

Made another hot cocoa with the abuellita stuff. That stuff is
trash. it's pure sugar. Even when you blend it you can see its just
granulated sugar with a little cacao.

Picked up water at 5pm.

Made a potato and bean dish for dinner with chili sauce. Sauce: 3
chili ancho, 1 chili guajillo, 1 veggie boullon, 1 14oz can of crushed
tomatoes. 2 cans black beans, 4 yellow potatoes ~ 130g each. Blended
chili and tomato, strained. Boiled potatoes and mixed beans and sauce
together.

Got off to a rough start with the 24HHP work and my focus was off all
day. Rotation isn't in the cropper tool and I had a patch for it but
it would take more tests and think there is a better use of time
(error handling, token publishing, e2e tests)

Mariana did her SL after meal. Going to bed now 8:30pm. Wiped from the
day.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/25/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5am. Woke up earlier at 2 or 2:30am from what I thought was
my phone alarm but I guess there was a 4.0 earthquake around that time.

Got upload flow working this morning. Will add better error handling
tomorrow.

Worked on prototype for Friday.

Climbed after work with Mariana. Adding beano to my diet now that I've
been WFPB for the last 6mo.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
45eace0837488f90nAGS1YM3XDo3bQpS3pTZFMrT4bRZw3HhkYQcJcpAhYHl6QorBzMSL5Tk8JkeKaiaC52sDNX+0bUu5/VKwZfo/k7u1QFHpqj/2IedIGpoGd/YXdHEp9Yxklxe2xr8oo26UYKjujXmMI1wfeFO4XRghnVAOqYMaupKiR/asrjAcU8DDIb5XVzPIP3ExMEyt8SewjbWuwjn0pkfkaVwmksu6knYA3jt6H2b/MhY0u4BFfEouV1HSFAQ05NDbikonuV2VS5UTIxm5mOQH4TFHZ5SQwjgkewdZkuCyh+vLJOMtcD2HoH3vmOfmlCq2uoduUtJxF+PAQL2d7a0+rg2kIVoGHx3GyiL9FYd6TbYabbT7MS5QxWaa7tEk1yx2qa3TdQfW+Ghw+dVUGoEkdND8yDBoSblHUTtVL+4o98N2Fc4njrDClTbBLzxgBQunmFY/QoWWx+ubzJGojBCyTnqpKgMyF0fKjYScLatIycwHcu9AyrPC7hx1It3lc+LNNX6JDI3V3Yrq0GUuE7df7fqx9kzI5niPgDX/VH4l/X4vdIaylDKrELRMtq5kfkyVuCSB3F/vgHughpxNsh2JS5FTbmMvgRhReDKIaSr7nXs4Kyltiz4ojTpEPI7xKNmjmfluhYu7NLrJ6LAZPx4kda2GLfTTTrTY0Cps/zHaxBksok1gG1+MqMCG2Ba//Grd8mri2pM1YdmXgpcSDQ66CfBkUwBvsosCackVeysv5FRnRC/1xqdMQviJVipDVfVKlPAlPvXavFUgVqoLO86YHTSObiJfmo/GWiv76gxzmdpz1ECosOdrIoJ3KnvNHAviXB9yflNFm4OxzT7pYbGkRf1SgvQIJ5daJ6qfhV2+3bHIsy9sr8FF3IsrDC8gEpJkEtYi4z03LnLv7CNpAJRx2ye0zAJOEknx2wZ7T2F7VYz5IqT6sCSDx3vWfrHp0sqDNMtgD+L7mAaEy+NWqIc3ev5LaQ7uo8I50lhAD79Tg5gg5NLQDp5Ua2G9jxybrPuFDclVD9/Ehgvp12xrGgH+GmExJ6C5GAj+HZug7oHLbLF/VqSwDdqYzusFvS2ooZUBrXu8MTcBGelrxFC9uFjrZmtZsMRyjAKQvM8X3+CXnRUQHL/F5bHzHXv6P0+IiQBh4/jFSF0gASGVN9zykHTkRJL4zxtI50BDRyL5/RRZBI72+/IWKZYjMCwUbUOpdD7Mx2xRYob6Q1of996y3CbniCBE147lvJ3n8zju6o9mlJlELWtBoSq6rRsSQ4Gpkzm0cC2GIwc2JrtUOselm0tvv2z5bbNjSl4UpmDVyaWErZ3wbXYSCwvjm3AJzTZenkIg+jziGjmERzFNaJyjZt6UvAQssWkpsuH+CdRAWWLN7V/CA9HNyqAnAW5ptbPw1LF31JpGyOYJoFQuPNTixtBLDIR0rseSOMzNDm6FmmnWMhMLUzU093/1qXx5qal7tzJ5FHHbR/+eU+8Yz+7iFEL6dG3qOxSimoP+nREuwoE4rEcV6iTZIKdZnFeDiwgD7miouNFBmR2MjZDM869bMdue84E7a74gFKsE35XCIzSnk72aV3MBXpTBelWijUR67cmEHMF6AlseI2fvK5cBeP/FBVi1v6qeYoCr+J4UJ6tOEVgWsJehO2kL0ZOTCLlDipRSGANKqL7I2f4QcNZFm4xrJd4nU3sFQuE09tnGGdyUbuvORNQMrxXnfK1oBdTWEM1BF8g7jMLl1Spgrldksy1N0rpym+/k0S9kD51eheyDTSukTkHdTmELrDBZV4FzyWEZJVvJYTVDapUurjQAuDXjmZAiaMLeyFy/4ad2d9G4UmOk25sNS2vG88m3JrQJhd39Y7QXcPxf3RL2rDGz8t9VORI9Z+W+a7d01VpgaQT7PpQ24EsuBXo+No/8w1sQv0ZnCrvIjLzguwKKtjPGFc6h3yqasjdVAq0lGYe2dBO1A1MBMUlSRpsTrz7IgxUvEUBfuT1DQyRTvUTQpUpSlfG5zyfouV327Q8+sCR9T8FfOcw1YUJYzezhmJ6DnNcYBeluah9Zf2KA3B4FJquOc+SQESY9rg7xNBTeKS6SwebYeX/IdU+syZY+RpMIosiggFQUw8sDnHU/0PlWm3nUxhgKjemnXu5Z76kQJLdCUzVpugVADZvchEIP+vewlvb1rtYg09lulOQ7FKDq3pqewvcFiIuUbOQWWxlfYNEA4M3LiyTxfreLK+NOyNelwBEjfXrRRDg8pyIVRMPVprEvvy/QHh2bDbjuqvzcfAgZypw37XCgmwO5AsQ90AKSu4nI3iE45+PdS/MGwkHytcJE5FZmWN7px+h1+SX9++Melp6wb/EOLcXbbHLM1iMJ7VcorkMq2zAzlhEoWBrOIVK7JsblwEuDsYN2SPT/SOp6hsjMh2ebd4nv3l/6XBlRU5juVvpRegxn4bfRdEJKpjTsvmuCFoIKxFpz0nwrY1rL6mStYVYCpbMjDQcGXqtbDgleE7bt8/kBN8LEmw622eMykxvyow4G7phCg5Y/3uz/KNYn2p8EvYnhTXwlrutLmoDiO6Llk4VRMADNs7R13Q2OvXUFhWwHX4z0Ko08f0T1DDAXuXLzsQnLnFmCoP12rX4+xnoq8Z7z9AW2LWlu6gOsJpEYO/ae+b6ZRZCikzPEkGE1sHdKAsAQrzc20SgMrh/tIPYqAedGaHQSRL4yrl6a1p013moT2W6exFEJwakJbchpMzUY92EgrBjauxlAdC/HM3uXMh+cnmCeVoVNvXxBbV6km80twZlqWqKXSYgiBSbos2wWossHi2p6s/eSoBeu8OYFobjsjey2C6WYK2ki49Qmztop3vhDbJIaU5Dm4scZFDrIwA53n7QrG+HVCLEnwC+w2klLt6L0IhS6O6HN4UMIjIFiUMQhUbXjo0AYxDfn0p0hhGHTXc7VF2VtCPGrEDvCipoHWwNvPdsfqdYlurV03sXA2vv8/wpU04FPCIIlHtE6MqETU6dt1ra94tl9PENKqwLG5PJN9eowhYKxmYgIhVt3HcrGbj2z7eBYY54CyMX1bkeS/GXQMxVqOAqvArg61YBkHehCG97TD7sQ3Hr1X9WwXBwUQl2WgQfZFXAOJT3K8aI4x8hlk2Pv80tsyS9oyxCezILKUyLRogwXva1jgIwfroDGdV/t2PgmY0RaT2VxUQr9GEm0FZXKgZ8OyBUwesvb02x5qNY57WZ9CZVgL5lIlyue9R/pd7ku6ovqS0Z5+ysdsOfZf3Qu0STB3idPYdk81xiVtex6+jhnSbl0B9X20QNjI/uxA7vaQL7HE6Mksw4b/YDhyfPUMKLuR6ayrLP7fshGSOAjcuLFHlb4K51fk0uEXoUoCtzo4J1wHsOdLs7HCU7A99pBYQKBeaOkQ1wg/vlF2LRGO08VbdO7UZt2W5HE2zp7GHGSsftRKMX/FTMhIG3bIGea/P4P98JtLk1ecH1Pq6a9w/QTdwRBszlI+o8IzCpZtPqOnrBOKEWQ4Ddc3imuhY4NuNI2TbUIlPFPunYUdx3JdkxINuMxqdw4qkDt6FWAt3wSI5YsJA4DDtqQ7BjjyxJDdwRULlUtWK5QpgLnptkoStGgiGac3bkfPy+eFD5Uf5MO9Iu2BmKaVEo6SSdg8qKCE4ryW+bYeXawLnceDtTn2m4RD7e+KXDkkzXqlK6jEEyhjPPO5D30g7jK3DsoX1XyGkRP07LBzdPolqsG7jLdEpOfT0PHZZWDuDkyyeyA4g+AvWtLpbF4y9Nz6K5q7ZfOHBK6jye1L2AYksBxdC0t42XszocBBmgi1RFE9c0pU2u0K2ZpZW4kn2aA7VdYldsZuQyni2Zna8swC+Alk+Z4fj2bVymTQwNBw7ZDoJo0+i83r1Kk/ppCD7Wl61BpLsv+K9IIHLc67qSQ5R+zRhrBievW5ahKOubXcuQjZRar1CkpcxazG7Mj9h0Qjksv5FKXYH20gn+gMSH13oAL47bRMzuaDbFub41k9wzb97bZQ4Jl40ZBCsWvzp8WaSWZVFx+Bix5gZhoSga9YMI4Y4G9oyEAPuqypxfKQ+io5PXySwZmw/Aq7fXcjVlMWmsIaok/FkTG7eQQJwb0lGXCORPRMBVvVvvjJdDjA3s7Kgu/XWZu8Ql+xHreB6sRuMtW2up3d3f43jBhq3UXXWHNTjo7oNnSndqiIrT7h7ZNphy6grsJjzEdKiUTq5BxDmJX2tm5kFBX6QacYQotv+3c/Lp29NpzOBnHTuPu5cvPpPKPQp1L9+bgWURXgCnJa7sY7MZrKA17qi21+NFpKT6cIc/J2/nzZUe66Cf5ZkpnWNF44h9Z3CplgvVUb+ueCl1uRaVjJHeTDtbnxBoIimQUJIl1QJM5oD8TG4CMzLlyiDAwZ3jQ5LczVumS485CFz+RfYbwNG2JVKm5Wbvgv46p/D/DmJ61dE1gyXkjHH6avOqYNO0GazGwDCoucLWxfMwYgW5+bprzTRzB0mZJk2aM23QEKHXMlRUouzpoYdhzAbXKfk/7Qg0ZRbPhpODqJ7SFNW8KUkzw7V3KW0M8tsmU4b5INp8vymFHDdPuHUjJU4LK168y1SpuCUP409UPahOArI3VzbMACuJTLFBr7U+OGFuJ1iiOWGXa/Tk/WDFW4hD8uoDlIVuEWgzibF4XNCtn6TnrfBKrTYQjhTZDatewJZHxuoIFQUJ8FNOx3amXipW6IOAuteCqrsnk02MFvKER5aP8eQAd+lN+SXU6S/b9d/FM8bSRniWa2c6929GeQ2cJHV496RRKnh7a88oPO9t/QItUM3NZZLFmczy0vzWXV2iL/6euNgDifSm1XL0zw4CumYLcJDKTDKNe7xtM4/cxMMUNEPwsv3MVMP0ABXdDf2H8buC76rYDN9Eomy6uZsreAiCv98Y4dTNMn6fkmiofuBs/SNZcYf5O+/GWTqe9rUltLVf2kMKUeClhfdlhMUOqZnP6dUNuP4WNSxMO84oiVLJSCReq4rJ+zxV6FvQ1o5ff9Bv5Mn2XKr9KdZM02l+IyQTxgyyDeEVmXNieuGZFOygdh6gGZcIt0FKypWDWurTawL5/sALqG11raTbOl2U4AdBUh+GqGX3jUugUCNZASHt/5C9fpUczetJzEMK7CES6oHycHt61JY38AEEfVERCEXBoBMAkOylQ0+RvEYPcLR5hWe4U62RyDtZSWNlcoUAxzcxgpbR3FQzPjqk5655FCHTsZ43X9qiRZRvUoQlPZf7vSh7Dh0CkSlZdqmihH9ayspcI8nmv1BKzHOdH3kua/hPChiC69sXH6yshR3NxPnJ7aiZtnVomS9sFgYN7ysQQI6hs0mcPpskySEaGPugwrgcp42c72+8FkX/fgJi+nkCoIfT/T+ayRt8w1v+6fIEVloNN1SpsmrOlxz9X4SmsUZITcAPxH0/rr7bfu6WvqiTCGv6r4o42mkBAXp3O7Vw8INN0odm7HtIUm8gP+0TtiBixzWwsNI8lzn9m7ROWtEY2FmXxO0hu60NA7DlsJWJfnQ1j/sKOEjzfOpY/83KY9v2NSLPlVwIDrB3dNXBgQ5DMvrYqWfrViZUILaKtNEEBEw8qWGY/fQSsNsq8j2NZm9lv3KHrwuoxNWYuUVSdKkFB58Am72M43GJMZ1qopa/pQf+KderLwijmjZ2L92vuQwpu0j3lKv6UnQyNz/0gwXFWuVSva+DoADX7usyQCIIeV/iF4hI+yU8Dyxl0FajGMHfxl+f8dYeXxYIS+pmgMU7HqF+qqW3SdBKt5x9Pm3ptyfV3ctNh2kv07FhlyTKnbCz6iCkan4nAIlAZbH2KzZIMF+dI28GqRDMM4yjxxifGAMCfHl0cHwIJEmhnnTy5/nrNYA5omQpTRMxMlkijn/wlsYQy53Mv4k71i7XGGRy9nOcNzs+XVD6Y+Jg5CYx0ijjzhaSTHxCwppqYj+MTSaNCfXgkYO/udOwl4tCwMSEM4VTgM9KNrQNM1Lw0NwplVHnf6zUvh+eiL9ek9xI7SDL7EX0Uvaq9t5/vIY5/G/8CYUAHlJwnU38riE/BUM6Amen1TW3Mhy4VU/prylZcmHHjeSm82ibujzjtlK+oE+PmwZ0pFfj0uBuy6q0Qj3A1WhnxrE6hyopCAWzRJIGc2RANrwio3D7bf8S+Lit+JSN5snlcK68Vo8g6kN11nmrxZk5SjkiDB9PCeBN3CY6n/5t3f4OMeWqQhl4IatRW0k2PqtYL8RQpNmLwRaHWEeQNAh2tiXLzt300ta8gEdSaCwUXyDcyRt/zweI1oA8rGtmBd8xWSPwnO+rSPTBHMMsC18uoLuYGIF468zRQt8sQrM1x1sox7rbNmT1/Vhre9gzzpGLhvXWkonyUlxvfLAotJtcsL1mwxGM0+wrVdEAvghifviMie+sHXoHKXgZ1bSSMowtjfOcNxvH8Gz9fFv9n1NQ8MN92zZ1t080r0nee/avF/mkIZcDX771r5/NY7A6SqroNbn0XeBYSRSGNw1OEmUN93BB83o7oUH3kW6rqSCsJtc64guH66nXJRoDbxQRSxfIPWNpogKyE5AtINPcYnWq3b7+8D2w9UZp1kvaoC1l3gozgTqC8k8urOfiWs/3ZTdV23DHmO7Kg2U3XvmAmgnswWf5uZIqoPxmTDWqOmUbeFhB3N2kvhWBmyQAAw9Omc8RSiivlKiHwhgC+dA/slxzehwYyrlyYeBpSgxliwRKcmU7p2CR1+xtm/PH80lF6pnZts6tiPer3TCyafeNcdHdj64G/oZoVKL/fT4cTnWCD/CO2Z+KXzTHGmz3WrVXP2VLubL64Wq85yjKCJwOyBGZG3/n5AWSRnfzRwu4KCIXBOqnUJbzFyL3wAEFQq1hWFh5XozafyXD5OuZpeNDtxww574xAC9kEB9RYE2WV2WnRRnstk3YulzhLrLsy0dh126mbsH07ZmRDIs5dJomK5p91yGFR3RWNU1thitE6jQnPEDG4OBgVCgJjZX6l8URYxEzQO5YcI8J7IAimYzUxXmeKIO13sFLsj/XjZ6j2vJU/8Dw5yym2CGR4REAtddC6zpFxHMTEPdTrIH42cc4/Y3qBHzujK4qnClDxO8fsFiYuJhujVMSRckVbdFIzvehmv116EbPkKgzUOL2eJAEXtojlcH5ln6U73nnl5tttH6DWXjbDO/LSuhAUV1WCcqK32az8QTUyX39E1ZMe8hhYQJ7R2uj2IDtgPj4PJxulsqcgyvfkvjtUCBLztpvbzZWhb/22UcfFnyNhjYyRWNcYOOcXzgQA76GTXjlnclJkNyq0XU4ra2XsFV5aIotk35zybcdnaNtgA2AN8/AMo5+YBtAoxruPII58SboDWNDUB/HV5JwdSUzhYi5QQkKLhBfSBZVMGvwyafIunTBTTz3yo+VPMIbR2djg6arn98od/GgGy21+lpzfy3yI2wpk6s3+GNHH2iGHmja2QCK4k5IGctBSkFyOCvDJr/I1BwKranDVTXEs56f2WzhBQvzHONNDp3G5CcjTiWmZpBPb7omZH7AQ5YIJ4vy0skkyEz+83KBunpNbQ/oOuVvc/0azehTzm3LciDDx+3TaUCedp9OyJdlkVkR1zVDbJwYOYlnorVQ85UGnY51jl97EvaWxl0H9HSd376u/YaeNu0F4018uF/JN6pMY2OXe5APUYcsoQtloi6Gejkwbney0xNSyTtin2s3pwm0mB2NEzqHyQ448PXOecn4zpyllkIyDDOdXOWW9EQ0ulnNgxdjFVnpyPv0Bkw79RCz02CvmcUZJkXz9BVHCLaUJK6Qa0AhdUFhjbSu9bYtrI1qvJLThao7I3xaGc1F+TRFEhfJnnwFPRBmhg27rUHasQIMc+TuFvXbz6+WAKfjoUZs1I4+11eLiDPhUjuRuXeyRVlyJK6qrgiWmVnMWbs+dcmngzS0BThXDBcRvWo95HF4z/Qow2a2fJBLmVa1Pcc0a+xJh+6k9BixMtGwtlKZGTSS7OOkgk4TS1EJ/JH52OXO+7dbw7QXbXFQuqEoR6st5YHoBp+OUim9Wmml8/+mNZskFbHd+/zn9oULWYzo4l6+sXFaaQfC7j9WnTlkdM49Vtb/0sqS7CF145D0IQtLZNPf6OKoNLuLZWD2PJoUqrycWrbaihXu7GpXdyLZlKmRuM/Kw+4MEoIFJaFGiokBAKxKOXg47eUi6jRV1eKGq0BFXxlo1766Mv1+0QskAerN7XcXlsTyf3ovsXZX1BGVPuG9obWF5/0Ca3nCLMYudMmwzpGXD3SEQy8+Vu33BxMd6H8d2HkX1W1RemVdAxFwLVlqVkNwyq2gO5r9UZQT+GOeG3qmlkHXdiXXFrhzKA/HXq257gLeAvkBRX5/fL9nv+tdVB/+N+Z6kE4921u10w5cmu82m68QXNhM4ofxpN3yGLgznlIxSMhkb6qR8zq8hrkaa6m7k7xv82UhikAptcDpBuKPDBPBsGSWkz5Eo1VtYefn+MR3hH6qFo3a3GxmcKCvEyqAKrXtRO9sx4pp6Minanytrk4gg1VtRFavVuBSuumLWVL21Wdm8VhxsSzAzgwGCoFtY3dlGaSSNZHAfsDyawwDsUW7ey8wsnVg25b4i1SMGhc/ibDovuT23IVXHgR6TKuPkWSBtj6CnYbo+Us05ETunFA1gImwcMy68a1hnaYjKx7/Olgb3E6GmHrPEl1vLYgiiS6B4t2eoHzxtbMsSFlXWUoNDib9N3XwHa102r02QqHCQ6fyniVC71+6O9oxrL+6cy6uT/meM/nrq7hwZ0m/3GQL1OZ9UILynN/teJEUcnIQJKrPgQpZQHiZtEjkelvCQoLHbqTG3L6aZUkIZfuz/Jt8u/5ZKuqAvRUwBno6dCiPcOD3H49LfZdB6G7+ONmQTseYXcfbu3ZGjj3/X2zUhVvx5MKyYJ5RkLanMWy/IgSbsztWQ17rG+LOWlKuwkXS7HgHSGWQpyYx3NWGku6iOI2BPUfyXVv3ivnSwHo4DceW87ruShPQBTlLZKb3pbvrzIgwhLF92tTh4OR9e2Ml/SI+fRRU1h1EHiJ4bPtXVjaQtu2fQrKamXdDYONnYBVc1ZYo3gA9B21kr5xdYw3kyB8DXCD5Qnq9uyvlsJ2v1+q2GXkKA20TLqqn80k+0QXd+6yixzGyoNQrdvHA41PCRoRXCUcikLTelnAkF7Gq1DPxJhxmJth6K3oV9hpiQF9xrbZtOvtGIfU1VyEszeLhjmd0Hea75Ndj1g+qasX1O1FGxE3SCcLdUPZT2ydZiej7tfJsl7Kex5RM/maMfPwUlwtRxQlRKB81vhPRkGmceQUwTAhhTrWsAprgvbLP2HKooVjmsF4WoPUGIlZIxQpLDzPkc/Eg+dtBPkdBHj4rGNAx6mtD//0F1A1mGDFF+oY/QeWC8G6+
PRIVATE
* 01/24/2023
** Summary

5am wake up, longer to get started today but still on treadmill by
6am. Coconut flour in hot cacao is not good. Got toggle on editor
done, then later in the evening added basic cropper (non-functional)

7am 5x5 which took 50min (bench day). Felt good.

Filled out pitch deck and read the whisper.cpp source. Tomorrow will
focus on a prototye for Friday (from scratch).

Site is looking good.

Lift with Mariana at her lunch break. Dropped off library book and
picked up new one: "Influence". Picked up dollars for yearly goals

Pea soup and rice for dinner.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/23/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5am on treadmill by 6am. From 6am to 7:30am, I got a first
pass at 24HourHomepage description. Tomorrow will work on the upload
and purchase components.

Call with Dad at 7:30am. Been a while, good to talk with him. They
drove back up to Oregon last Friday.

Standup at 9am, we discussed the studio model. Worked on pitch today
and getting cpp lambda.

Climbing gym with Mariana at 7pm.

Bed now, 10:15pm.

<<PRIVATE
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
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/19/2023
** Summary

Woke up by 5am. Checked that the homeless man took his
phone. Treadmill by 6am, left for VW service by 7:15am. Transmission
light on. Leaving with service team.

Home by 8am, walked Leche and made her egg with cheese so she would
have something in her stomach before medicine. Mariana took train to
work.

Ran through our crazy 8s exercise with the team. Asked Wolfram to
deploy API while I finished the Codepush problem. Got it to a workable
state I think. Will promote staging to production tomorrow morning.

We need to focus on distrubtion and a niche we can expand.

Played with Leche in the house. She can fetch the tug at the end of
the hallway for 20 or so throws before she starts getting winded and
just wants to play tug of war.

Homeless man got arrested across the street from us today. At least I
think it was him. Police picked had him in cuffs pretty quickly and
took him away.

Picked up Mariana from work. On the way there, she called and asked to
pick her up at Whole Foods near her work. No loading zones in front so
drove around the corner. Still not a loading zone. She ran and hopped
in.

Back home, I made another cheesy egg for Leche and went to bed to read
and write this. Read Nikita's thread on launching and growing consumer
apps. We should steal the playbook, particularly the hook mentioned in
here:

https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/ryanmac/facebooks-teens-tbh-psychological-trick-memo

and lots of ideas here:

https://twitter.com/nikitabier/status/1481118406749220868

Going to read more of To Sell Is Human before bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/18/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5:30am and was on treadmill by 6:00am with focusmate at
6:15am. Got the components for UDF working but some syntax error
combining them. Had to stop to take Leche for walk before standup

3 hour meeting talking about apps.

On lunch break, went to fabric store with Mariana for bench
fabric. VW's transmission light turned on. Uh oh. Taking it into
service tomorrow.

SL 5x5 in the morning. Mariana did her SL after work. Booked the
hotels for honeymoon.

Homeless man in neighborhood charged his phone on our outlet exposed
on the wall. Leche alerted me of the man who was by our living room
window, sneaking down. He fled and hid his eyes but I calmly
approached him and asked him not to do that again. Said I understand
its hard to find places to charge and that he can charge until his
phone is full but we can't have him sneaking on our property day or
night and scaring our house. Said if he saw me out of the house some
other day, he could ask me if its okay but not to sneak or knock on
the house door. He seemed understanding but also really anxious. Name
was Joshua.

Read more of "To Sell is Human" after work.

Browsed twitter for an hour before typing this. Good to decompress but
felt mindless feeding.

Bed time. Waking up earlier so I can have time to work before dropping
of VW

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/17/2023
** Summary
05:30am          -- woke up
05:30am-06:30am  -- wasted time on youtube videos, unstructured. made hot cacao
06:30am-07:45am  -- on treadmill reading fauna documentation, prototype UDF

07:45am-08:10am  -- walking Leche up hill, late for meeting with Albert,
                    run with Leche home. good exercise and Lehe loved it
09:00am-09:30am  -- standup
10:00am-10:15am  -- call with charles about flashing updates
10:15am-11:00am  -- read codepush docs

11:00am-12:00pm  -- clone ios schema before realizing can configure dev app to
                    point to new codepush deployment so try that.
12:00pm-13:00pm  -- lunch, truck guy cancels

13:00pm-17:00pm  -- attempt to get codepush events logged with several
                    dozen mandatory builds pushed. path forward is to
                    use the getMetaData* API and manually check on app
                    foreground. if stale or pending, show splash
17:00pm-17:00pm  -- Leche for evening walk
17:30pm-18:00pm  -- made veggie soup
18:15pm-19:00pm  -- Mariana home, looked at honeymoon places, eat dinner
19:00pm-19:20pm  -- Walk Mariana to studio, long walk with Leche home

19:20pm-21:20pm  -- read two articles i tabbed, read more of "To Sell
                    is Human", throught Leche's tug up and down the hall 12 times
21:20pm-21:30pm  -- Pick up Mariana with Leche

21:35pm-21:45pm  -- start getting ready for bed, Mariana wants cereal so we
                    walk to 7/11. think we see elle & sam leaving for hospital
                    but not them. i thought Mariana was going to run into the
                    middle of the street to stop them because she was so excited
21:45pm-22:15pm  -- in bed writing this, read more of Pink's book


Tomorrow, I won't waste time on youtube as i wake up. Goal is to
either be lifting or starting the UDF problem by 6am. Prototype should
be in a good place before work


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/16/2023
** Summary
Had the day off (MLK day) and slept in until 8am as we had stayed up
watching "Triangle of Sadness". I fell asleep mid movie, largely
because I'm waking up early but also because it was comfortable on the
couch.

Slow start to the morning. Read more of "To Sell Is Human" then did SL
5x5 and played with Leche before starting side project work. Narrowing
in on the update call. File uploads done. More tomorrow morning.

Had a last minute buyer interested in the truck. Met him at 4:30pm at
the Chase Bank to let him take it for a test drive. He seems really
interested in the truck. Still, I told someone else on CL I would show
it to them tomorrow at 2pm. They asked if I could do earlier so I
might do 1pm, but they didn't reply.

Climbed with Mariana at 7pm then watched her while she did 5x5 once
home.

Bed time. In the morning I'll work on a UDF.

* 01/15/2023
* 01/14/2023
* 01/13/2023
<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/12/2023
** Summary

Good day. Woke up early. Started unit testing before work. Had good
sessions with focusmate.

Synced with James. Was almost too short a meeting but got to good
stuff eventually. Sized the tickets in the backlog. New process will
be to have a "ready for engineering" label/step. Clearer product
direction is best. Maybe "one and done" type products. Just a bunch of
them.

Synced with Billy. Lots to talk about. Creative studio, rewarding
engineers, MSCHF founder meetup, respondant.io research interviews.

Through the ball with Leche after work. A lot of walks with her
today. Trader Joes groceries pretty cheap. $85 for the week. Bought
our water too.

Stronglifted at 7am. Chest should be good focus for the year.

Bed time


<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/11/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5:30am, hot cacao and read news. On treadmill by 6:30am and
started pricing models for FaunaDB.

Finished the NewFeature modal, synced with Wolfram. Closed the twilio
ticket. Threw ball with Leche, ate mushroom soup leftover. Read "To
Sell is Human". Climbed with Mariana after work. Four small bean
burritos after climbing.

Reading then bed.

<<PRIVATE
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
PRIVATE
* 01/10/2023
** Summary
Woke up at 5:30am, standing desk by 6:30am with cloudflare testing.

Rain stopped enough by 7:30am that I could go do a stronglift
5x5. Continued raining (medium-heavy) throughout the workout. Good way
to wake up though.

Finished the v0 personalization work. Made a mushroom, potato soup.

Maintenance workers fixed the doors and the fireplace (flume got
closed somehow...no idea).

Bed
<<PRIVATE
ae2c70aea0ed9b38rssQAZNRReEFyRaB6KwLtOdBvBXi7jKPpQiG5o019VRqVpJGvmkAYBaFqbnpGxRqvQFTuyMwU3jqffZ6FE3SsJcGKsJTnNKX/vkeTZSBzatkU8xqmQhNXXnO3b4koKfSb+iR47bkSHFuuAf3Y/sOWEWIbrJyD3Vlw4BM/HyjbEvR08jpJtqX7D7vHjERH/FL/UTaC3RZ5apd4IfC+c184fEinE1eyM8oQdCM4fZlAbCO15BGvyez9k8qOTdTm6+PbVYcEv9GK3a+kLsIwBgR4eRpC8LxTzRTDnAoqIlfRZRhl7eeYaYD9VuWmsAt9BKVttl21fFn18vQ6GynWM+st2fopRfIPCJCNk9pEEHdialOqoXueaAc2KNUOA4owMb9p1q3tOw7F2KdgUN63fMn4AE/ont3zSaN/hI3Ix4w1kCJB3WJIQXKX0FrfMBBL6N0nPn+n4TvnU2DIuotF5uB62hmBYH/kI+j3SmWtPe7NM9S3YfSYMbecpGfR5nCldMnNEK5t/QSp9tMmQ1E2EvEXjJMki1eWLl+dl9fvsgWVQZNjKrKPX9MQZxReZIOsRK2VIQhAPOO3lu5CBkrE7JEZEYwVP6PxQssojN2SvMeA8yKv/g2uDCzeuB+BbTf/U0f58OsZLLcNEXM2SmzdNHHJUL6e0SFliZQ7l4sn8qHhijB84Y25OjxRw2mumUdC1ClgKG7EaXa4igJnjsXNvs4uo3FGNCQpHSMtZ1I5eo5EG+wO7FATkCND4hyd8W/lv+uBcjV4D7c4qo4y/pYL94SKHKxDI4giEBwRZw/LkrJYLdLMHlo5/fI8thKfsQuGQKCOV7NuhsDKubIYHVN1AUv9TVHqtorBBWH+USmRi1++n9ah5F4tdZ+WWI0wFnaE70UtJUb4Mvs6Ye5HOBTTCZz9FPcuILNEu7+Bfc1RceI0ohAHqS/bk4GqeUrixrXmgXbMJNWlATSowhzy3UVpVFj/AL2fzz3hNn8znsG6bxAy/8suy5HxeTblni016of0MQq2eiyDCs3KA0Vk7n56tHpq7ENzi+bR6RBF9D5w0XuWBkyg7DUzHAJqCJ+fZ4MEh22YypVL1PuwxElKaZpA9lf58Kwl0FapBqE/mlmnFvKng2GMnAre0JA/j/2C+SMcqvsbZ6aHPNEu6kQyWewAk4Clo+YdZ4+K7J7o5CxRRv6kTAyQ7oZeXRg3ncsO5TnnG6KNxbJuoX7hbTMoewDg3WakpLd7Mm3MqHXHczWcNkCNCkClBU7IYydR8tzI4RhQ/yGt4f2wztCmi5JPv1lw7QMH7yS2IFl/3wtXetKyx13+t5oOF/wNa04OSvYjeey0LSRJGUSQNvok2LdQh8yB4QZeorvOIrfTcWgTOfC1wE/rzpnFGL9WomtDKVG2Nc/wzeyDdxdjg9OMCRm53HZjnDjdAKTm0/oQ4TBwI4b//YAPhvvs1iu0BghWLIWzoBhAxOmN1Ff9VaLU4hTXl+OYTaRAdkKIwj2KHlMp0Jhwc6JNv0d67NFmXQfZ8vSnhayrSAWdUurzW4nxaQYlQOxPUTuqL47dtepCKk3gZubWOwiQ16tegfWbmNyJPKSFisU9ieR5/dftXMMshdjUtdyTfunx6zv9F1RMwCCLAMRJ0VxJCTXchqgkFEeIivzhndjYu2v4JthaZEV/ncw0EgPwmE4iDS7s9CeeSt/gWKYrlMWp1S0n3LQvBUgndsi1bLMWbaGwgBD4LP3wfPzKsdxtzI6Kcctx96ayTTkv4WTGPurpUn3cisd/JTlwwJPvCIr8JQgAfhDUVkO1+Wfof6QLIz2FZEj8rO2i2HbGttzj8L3xVtsjbIufqTKAXAPXKMT81VvMVcX3ccH2Rd7ZpXTI4TRyU5jsHyG4i+qBAWtfUcynYtJ6cOuaQozbTuc8+Z6j0NF7mxt7W1duFJgEvIobstHUVtYfPhcgN6EKDHGI527BblCyFhFvWnmjEUH/CuV09H9/IBOZvKmQau1Xevq9eOsXm0VBHFuZ4CybiCyHLjzNECltgiZEipyJTVycn8Rpdkn9hTpSKZ0WrYGAleM4PvnNS84zkmEKEVLKvxLs4nI1/PH2Lqqp3Bqs2jL0YmqhoujJx8XH32Eh6cL0kj3jDZkvk26H8o7VTufUtlvSofEt0gv/1nSVN5Paog6lbky1bFy9umwIIku6AfhVt2jFDUhVyxwOkp3n2W3xnpRKE9iJOcvr0WtOK5luINA6MNo88mQfQiEmzJE9b9FQyI1CO7ntl4l5R9Tyl4vnpYate9oegOwsRqR7PcADf3GQMlcXXKO94rWnS7r6uS2CSDxlKkDlNIShOXGadJ3RRlY+OyMBrQ/dzW0PGPIDlZgntFBeg0tC3s+A8IUi4UD+vci+jYXAQ==
<<PRIVATE
1dda4c70b320affecIVwzUsvoQVHzGW4rOdJcgUhazFJtiSyAyXLNNyoUNz0rDt/FJInMg==
PRIVATE

Came back to chat with Mariana, Maru and Maru's neighbor Carmen and
her daughter Diana. Osbaldo came over later and we chat for a bit. He
joined Sup where he goes by "luigisbaldo" because his first name is
actually "Luis" and he likes Luigi from Mario. Several other
discoveries this weekend: Marcella's full name is Diana Marcella and
Julieta's full name is Marta Julieta. Both go by their hyphenated
middle name!

Drove back to LA and was home by 5pm, just before sundown. Took only
2h20min to get here. Great.

At Maru's soup and added quinoa and lentils to it. Made a big bowl of
popcorn and watch "The Menu" with Mariana. Bed time.

* 01/07/2023
<<PRIVATE
1dda4c70b320affecIVwzUsvoQVHzGW4rOdJcgUhazFJtiSyAyXLNNyoUNz0rDt/FJInMg==
PRIVATE

* 01/06/2023

<<PRIVATE
cdb44ac23c95aa05eIVkcMWQAhfIgL+V5+2ZEw==
PRIVATE
* 01/05/2023
** Summary
Long day. Drove to TJ after work (north star talks, API changes for
silent public feed options)

<<PRIVATE
cdb44ac23c95aa05eIVkcMWQAhfIgL+V5+2ZEw==
PRIVATE
* 01/04/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5:30am. Wasted a whole hour in zombie mode on phone before
making hot cocoa and deploying a demo svelte site on cloudflare
pages. Did SL 5x5 workout at 7:30am, protein shake after. It was
slightly raining but not too bad. Will double up and do another lift
tomorrow since I'll be away from the set

Longer north star chat today. Some tipping points for the
team. Converging on two types.

CircleCI issue. Partial work on the no sound API.

Stopping work at 5pm sharp is a great practice.

Bed

<<PRIVATE
cdb44ac23c95aa05eIVkcMWQAhfIgL+V5+2ZEw==
PRIVATE
* 01/03/2023
** Summary

Woke up at 5:30am. Watched a 20min video on dragon flies while in
zombie wake up mode. Before 6pm, I made hot cocoa then went to office
to walk and finish the sveltekit tutorial.

Today chat product goals with team. Investigated twilio issue (DDOS)
and put patch up for "maitenance mode" updated designs.

Went to Sprouts for some basic groceries. Walked Mariana to her
pottery class and picked her up at 9. Played with Leche inside the
house today since it was raining most of the day.

Recorded my pushups later in the day. Did 200+ (100 in the morning
100+ in evening). My form is terrible! Only noticed this with
recording. Need my hips to stay up when i get toward the higher reps.

Bed time.

<<PRIVATE
3280665f524f3975
PRIVATE
* 01/02/2023
** Summary

Woke up and did SL 5x5 workout after making hot cacao for
breakfast. Protein shake after. Mixed in pushups. Could have done more
with chest exercise. Mixed in ring rows with BB rows.

Mariana slept in late because Leche woke her up to go outside last
night. Call at 1pm with Bree about 2023 goals. Leche vet for vaccine
boosters at 4pm.

<<PRIVATE
3280665f524f3975
PRIVATE

Booked cabin for our 1 year anniversary. Need to plan hikes, gift and
dinner.

Tomorrow, we meet to discuss "north star" for the team again.

<<PRIVATE
3280665f524f3975
PRIVATE
* 01/01/2023
** Summary
Good day, slept in. Wrote 2022 retrospective, ate beans and rice,
watched a movie with Mariana who fell asleep.
